was ur cat struck by lightning?

cause ur pussy is electrifying
on a scale of 1 to 10, you are 8

and i'm in 2 you
i'd love to be saturn

so i could be closer to uranus
twinkle twinkle little star, we can do it in my car
i feel like u and i belong together

even the keyboard says so!
happy fathers day to me, i guess

cos you're my baby ;)
call me a plumber

because i've got the tools to get your waters flowing
noticed the mistake in the latest music charts?

they forgot to list you in their hottest singles
you're the best work of art i've ever seen, vincent van gogh must be jealous of you
you're a work of art

let me go inside you, i wanna check the whole museum
you're a work of art

let me nail you against a wall
i'm afraid that my lips are gonna get burned when i'll kiss you, because you're so fuckin hot
you're so hot that i could fry an egg on you
i need my inhaler, because you take my breath away
There is a debate whether there are 8 planets or 9

The debate will soon change to 7 planets or 8 after i destroy uranus
you can call me alice

because i want to explore your wonderland
are you netflix?

cos i'll leave you turned on all night long
i hope your day is as beautiful as your boobs
i hope your day is as nice as your butt
he: hey, there's something on your butt

she: what

he: my eyes 💕
excuse me ma'am, why are you still driving?

didn't your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
fuck you
what's the difference between you and a pair of sunglasses?

sunglasses sit higher on my face
i'm not batman but whenever i look at you my dark knight rises
fuck me if i'm wrong, but you're gonna accept my request for going out on a date, right?
are you exercise?

cos you're breathtaking!
call me pooh

cos all i want is you, honey
last night i saw a shooting star and i made a wish

i can't say what i wished for, but you are right here so it came true
i love your eyes, but mine's better

cos without mine i can't see yours
hey girl, are you a cop car?

cos i want to smash you until you can't move
you're so hot

my zipper is falling for you
hey! my name is microsoft

can i crash at your place tonight?
you're not the exponential form of 4 but, i'm 2² to lose you
you are 9/10

and i'm the one you need
are your parents drug dealers?

cause i'm definitely addicted to what they made
hey girl, you can call me corona

because tonight i'm gonna make ur throat hurt
i'm writing a paper on the finer things in life,

i was wondering if i could interview you?
roses are red, lets fuck on my bed
are you a quart?

because you're a qt
is your dad in jail?

cos if my daughter looked like you, i'd be in jail
fuck me if i'm wrong

but i do have a chance of getting laid with you, right?
hey girl, are you from dubai?

because i want dubai you a drink
tested positive for comeoverimhorny virus
damn girl, you're hot enough to kill the coronavirus
do you realize that we never stop tasting our tongues?

can i taste yours for a change?
your lipstick looks good

may i taste it?
are you an intel CPU?

cos you're really hot
hey girl, i might not be a baker

but i knead you dough
nice pants 😍

can i test the zipper?
hey girl, are you the capital of thailand?

cause i want you to bangkok
i'd like to eat you out later

i mean eat out with you later
i'm not saying ur parents are from 'al qaeda'

but they definitely know how to make a bomb
i have anxietitty, because i think about ur tits all the time
call me a bra

cos im here to support u and touch ur tits
roses are red, i'm insecure

give me a kiss, that is the perfect cure
hey girl, are you a virus?

cos you infected my heart
are you a squirrel?

cos i want you give you my nut
can't spell nut without u

therefore i need u to nut
roses are red, lets sleep together on my bed
i can't buy you gucci or armani

but i can make ur pussy a tsunami
he: what's your favourite flower?

she: rose

he: oh awesome! now i know what to put in ur casket when i murder that pussy tonight
are you from netherlands?

cos amsterDAMNNNNNN
cows say 'moo', sheep say 'baa'

get over here and i'll make you say 'aahhh'
girl, is your ass the new snapchat filter?

cause i would love it on my face
wanna be a disney princess?

cos i'll make you moana
your body is 70% water

and i'm thirsty
i'm not religious

but if i was with you i'd be on my knees every day
my love for you is like a copied assignment, i can't explain it
everytime i follow my heart

it leads me right to you
someday we'll be one of those cute old couples

actually, you'll be the cute one, and i'll just be the lucky one
i'm a professional bathroom singer

will you be my duet partner?
hey girl, are you ramadan?

cause you brought out the best of me
are you 1+1?

because <3
roses are red, ur beauty is a distraction

lets get to ur room and start some action
are you my country?

cos i'll die for you
are you a lawyer?

because you're the prose-cutest
what's the difference between you and coronavirus?

nothing, you're both absolutely breathtaking
are you a washing machine?

cos i wanna fill you with my dirty load
he: happy mothers day!

she: but i don't have a kid.

he: im tryna give you one!
roses are red, cookies are brown

never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down
are you gasoline?

cos your smell is so damn attractive
i'll give you a kiss. if you don't like it, you can return it
i'm really attracted to you, and according to newton's law of gravitation, you're attracted to me too
hey girl, are you bloody?

because i want to mary you
hey girl, are you suicide?

because i think about you alot
corona virus is gonna kill every single person on the planet

i'm single and you're single, do you want to survive together?
are you my phone?

cos my attention is all yours
i know we have only just met, but i would like to get to know you on a deeper level

about 8 inches deeper
hey girl, are you a math question?

cos i've been staring at you for hours
are you a coconut?

because i wanna smash you till the white stuff comes out
have you got a shovel?

because i'm digging that ass ;)
wanna act out a scene from 50 shades?
if i had a flower for everytime i thought of you, i would be walking through a garden forever
boy: hey, what's ur name?

girl: *tells her name*

boy: oh sorry. i suddenly got lost in ur eyes. what did you say ur name was?
roses are red, i love you more than my bed
are you a palm tree?

cos i really want those dates
hey girl, are you my grades?

cos you're getting the d
you know what i hate about english?

there's no "d" in "you"
hey girl, are you the fan of batman?

cos whenever i look at you my dark knight rises
hey girl, are you a charged particle?

because i got my ion you
i'm just tryna h_g and c_ddle but there's one thing i'm missing

u
i am an astronaut and my next mission is to explore uranus
roses are red

wanna know what happens next?

come join me in my bed
are you a badminton shuttle?

cos i wanna flick you and then smash you
are you the bottom of my laptop?

cause you're hot and i'm getting nervous
does your skin steam when you take shower?

cause you're boiling hot
hey girl, are you a square?

cos you got all the right angles
i thought nothing is perfect

but then i met you
is carbon dioxide really causing global warming?

or is it just you?
roses are red, violets are blue

i will do anything just to have you
are you a good video game?

cause i'll do you for hours and still won't get bored
and i wanna be all overview
me: there are three views, front view, back view

her: what's the third one?

me: i loview
i have a present for you, but i don't know how to wrap hugs
your lips look really dry

i could moisturize them for you if you want
pay me the rent!

for stayng in my heart all the time!
hey girl, are you fajr?

cos i always miss you
are you from china?

cause i think you are the wuhan for me
roses are red. violets are blue

i always wanted to die, but now i want to live because of you
due to less pollution, many planets are visible these days

can i see uranus tonight?
my dick is a flute

if you blow on it, i'll chime ;)
i must be a rubik's cube

because the more you mess with me, the harder i get
it may be lockdown

but after lookin at ur profile, i can't keep my cockdown
are you a fridge?

cos i love checking you out
consider me a firefighter

i find you hot & im gonna leave you wet
something inside me is lost somewhere inside you
are you "nothing"?

cos i wanna do you all day long
are you the chamber of secrets?

cause i want to slyther-in side you
Are you O+

Because you're just my type
is your name john? 

cos i've never cena girl like you before
are you my phone charger?

cos i wanna sleep next to you
you shouldn’t wear makeup, it's messing with perfection
are you "me"?

cos you make me smile & laugh, & i should marry you
i may not be hulk 

but im tryin to smash
*lesbian pickup line*

oh you're straight? so is spaghetti before it gets hot and wet
*lesbian pickup line*

wanna play rock, paper and most importantly scissors?
*lesbian pickup line*

when i'm around you i can't think straight
the only thing i regret about meeting u is why didn't this happen before
on a scale of 1 to 9,999,999,999 what is your phone number
save water, shower with me instead!
i'm trash, will you be my trashcan?

because i wanna be inside you
are you youtube?

cos i want you tu be mine
do you live at a museum? 

because you're a work of art
if you were a dinosaur, you'd be gorgesaurus
they say tongue is the strongest muscle

wanna wrestle?
roses are red, quarantine life is shitty

the only thing that'll make me happy, is the picture of ur titty
hey girl, are you from bombay?

cause you look quite like bomb-bae 💕
can i call you pillow?

because i wanna give you head
if cuteness was a currency

you'd be a millionaire
sleeping is great

but staying up with you is even better
if i had a star for everytime i think about you, i'd have a galaxy in my hand
are you an artist?

cos you're drawing me in
is your mom in the air force?

cos she dropped the hottest bomb
roses are red, paper is white

will ya go out with me tonight?
roses are red, ur future will be bright

if youll go out with me tonight
oh hey girl, is it your birthday today?

got me confused with all that cake you got there
are you a mirror?

cos i can see myself in you
Are you lightning?

Cause i wanna make you McQueen
roses are red, you are really pretty

how about you let me suck your titty?
is your ph 1?

cause it burns when i see you with someone else
hey girl, are you a convertible car?

because you would look better with your top down
your butt is nice but it would be nicer if it was on my lap
are you a mirror?

because whenever i look at you i see someone i like
i'm not religious

but you make a pretty good argument for believing in angels
im gonna call you "A.Z"

cos it all begins and ends with you
shakira said, "try everything"

so, would you let me try you?
hey girl, are you from egypt?

cos i cairo about you
girl, those bed bugs are so damn lucky!

they get to bite you, but i don't..
are you on fire?

cause you're hot and i wanna make you wet
i love you more than my wifi
hey girl, wanna be my hope?

the 'p' is silent tho
are you a knife?

cos i want you inside me
i'm out of quarantine snacks, are you avaliable?
i want you to know something but i'm too scared to tell you in person so, i'll just let the 1st three words of this sentence to say it for me
i'm like corona virus. i want to be all over you and you'll barely be able to breathe after
if your heart was a prison

i’d like to be sentenced for life
are you a baker?

cos i knead you
roses are red, violets are blue

sugar is sweet and so are you
me: hey girl, spell me

girl: M E

me: what about the D

girl: there's no D in me

me: not till i get there
do you know why you need to get up early?

because you're the sunshine 💕
your boobs looks heavy, can i hold them for you?
eman love with you.
you're seif-uckin beautiful.
i sarah-iously love you so much.
i love you sa-ma-ch, will you marry me?
i wanna salma heart to you, but don't worry i'll give it to u for free 💕
when the first time ayesha you, i got a feeling that you're the one who i'm gonna marry.
if you'll be mine, then i'd consider that malak is so good 💕
are you corona virus?

cos everything reminds me of you
you're beau-tiful.
when the first time i laid eyes on you, i immediately signed up to be an organ donor, do you know why?

because i want to give you my heart
w-illya go out with me?
im fee-lynn like i'm in love with u.
i wanna salma heart to you, but don't worry i'll give it to you for free 💕
i sara-iously love you so much.
woul-dew like to go out with me?
you're created farah person like me. will ya marry me?
when the first time aisha you, i got a feeling that ur the person who im gonna marry.
*PICKUP LINES BY NAME*

reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it
hey girl, are you quarantine?

because i feel obligated to stay inside you
my bed hurts my back, can i sleep in yours instead?
What do quarantine and cuddle have in common?

'U'
damn girl, these feelings for you must be like corona

i caught it real fast
just deleted the maps app because it didn't show me the directions to ur heart
are you a blanket? 

cos i love it when you're on top of me
i think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours!
my gym is closed because of the quarantine

can i work you out instead?
*looks at girl's pussy*

you gonna eat that?
your legs are like an oreo

cos i wanna split them apart and eat everything in between
i'm a tattoo artist

you wanna try a red one on your neck?
hey, my friends bet i couldn't talk to the prettiest girl here

wanna use their money to buy drinks?
roses are red, violets are blue

corona is cancelling everything except my feelings for you
be my once in a lifetime
are you sleep?

cos i wanna go deep in you
knock knock

who's there?

baby yoda

baby yoda who?

baby yoda one for me
💙
if i were a planet i'd want to be neptune

so i can be right behind uranus
will you be jasmine?
lmao.
why tho
hey.
how u doin?
if you were a youtube ad

i wouldn't skip
roses are red, here's a pen, can i have your number, because you sure are a ten 💕
i'm learning about important dates in history

wanna be one of them?
roses are red, corona is bad

i want you to make me a dad
are you interstellar movie?

cos i love everything about you
when the first time i laid eyes on you, i immediately signed up to be an organ donor, do you know why?

because i want to give you my heart
roses are red, corona is a virus

hook up with me, it's gonna be good for both of us
is there a phone in your back pocket by any chance?

cos that ass is calling me
your lungs must be fucked up

cos you're smokin' hot
Alphabet starts with A B C

Number starts with 1 2 3

Music starts with Do Re Mi

So can love start with you and me
roses are red, corona's the flu

can i quarantine these nuts inside of you?
do i have COVID-19?

or did you just take my breath away?
are you my favourite song?

cos i don't wanna share you with anyone
are you the embarrassing moments of my life?

cos i don't wanna share you with anyone
damn girl, are you aphrodite?

because i'm in the mood for some pleasure and procreation
are you corona virus?

because i wouldn't mind spending two weeks in bed with you
can i quarantine my cock in your pussy?
damn girl, are you my pinky toe?

cause i'm gonna bang you on all my furniture!
you're created farah person like me. will you marry me?
youre so beautiful, ando love you so much.
i love evelyn thing about you. will ya marry me?
i zahra-iously love you so much.
ali want is to be with you.
i love y-oussama-ch.
i'll be immune to corona if you smile at me just once 

because i'll be dead before i even catch it
hey girl, are you the vaccine?

cause the whole world's chasing you
i want you chloe-s to me
isabel? or should i just knock to cum inside you?
i wanna marie you.
you aaron-e and only for me.
if i neal down and ask you to marry me, what will be ur answer?
you armyae first love. will ya marry me?
emma-n love with you.
i dont want money nour i want to be famous.
i just want you and nothing else.
you're the mehdi-cine for all my pains. will ya marry me?
*PICKUP LINES BY NAME*

reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it
are you corona virus?

cos i can't stop thinking about you
do you wanna make your mom happy?

make her my mother-in-law 💕
her: i have a boyfriend

me: i have a math test

her: what?

me: i thought we were naming things we were going to cheat on
roses are red, violets are blue

there's nothing in this world more beautiful than you
if corona virus is the reason to keep you at home

i would like to be the one to take you out
roses are red, corona is bad

even if u cough on me, i won't be mad
hey girl, are you a cop?

cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway
this is the police!

you're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
are you the inverse of cos c

cos you are sec c
are you the square root of -36?

because you are 6i
hey baby, wanna destroy my throat before corona virus does?
if you wake up in a red room with no windows or doors, don't panic

you're in my heart
if i had a penny for everytime i thought of you, i'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind
hey girl, can i tie your shoes?

cause i don't want you to fall for someone else
if you were my pillow

i'll lay on it all day
do you have a phone in your back pocket?

cause i swear that ass is calling me
hey girl, are you my sleep?

because i just wanna be into you all day, all night
you're too-ka-yoot ❤
haidy was dreaming? cos ur beauty is totally unreal.
you're sophie-king beautiful. will ya marry me?
did you know that ur body is 70% water?

well, i can't live without water
are you appendix?

because i don't know anything about you but this feeling in my gut is telling me that i should take you out
hey girl, are you my favourite game?

because i really want to spend all my free time with you
damn girl, do you have a cold?

cause i can't stop looking ACHOOO
i'm not a hipster

but i can make your hips stir
hey girl, can i see your baby picture?

i want to know if you've always been this cute
hey, are you my glasses?

cause you might not be with me 24/7, but when you are, i can see this world in a better and beautiful way
hey i think we need to go into quarantine together

because your smile is contagious
are you a trashcan?

cause i deserve to be in you
roses are red violets are blue

i would love to stick my dick inside you
hey cutie, are you exercise?

because you're breathtaking
i think i like you too much to the point where just seeing your name on random places makes me smile
damn girl, are you a good video game?

cause i will do you for hours and still won't get bored
are you suicide?

cos i think about you everyday
i'm not drunk

i'm just intoxicated by you
hey, are you newton?

cos im the apple that fell for you
twinkle twinkle little star

come let's do it in my car
wanna watch porn on my mirror?
i like me better when i'm with you
hey girl, are you a convertible car?

because you would look better with your top down
girl, you're like the SAT

cos i'd do you for 3 hours and only stop for water breaks
if beauty were time

you'd be eternity
if you were a tear in my eye

i would never cry

for the fear of losing you
damn girl, are you a nucleotide?

cause you're basic at your core but i still wanna bond with you
are you my smartphone?

cause i should sleep rn but i would rather spend my time doing you all night
i just went to a fireworks shop

and asked for their biggest bomb. they gave me a picture of you.
damn girl, are you a pinata?

cos i'm gonna need a blindfold before i hit that
hey girl, are your parents scientists?

because they made a bomb
he: do you like tomatoes?

she: yeah

he: then we must ketchup sometime
if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.
if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.
are you a cup of coffee?

cos you are brewtiful
i love you sa-ma-ch, will ya marry me?
i dont want money, noura want to be famous.
i just want you. and nothing else.
hey lexi, you're so sexi.
you're so beautiful, anda love you so much! will ya marry me?
when the first time aisha you, i got this feeling that you're the one who im gonna marry.
you're asma oxygen. cos i cant live without you.
are you baby shark?

because i wanna do do do do do do you
Have you visited your doctor recently because i think you have B.G.S

Beautiful Girl Syndrome
i dont want amelia-n dollars, nor i want to be famous. i just want you.
wanna have a threesome?

cause i'm already getting fucked by life but you'll make it better
you're ah-med-icine for all my pains. will ya marry me?
it looks like you need someone to give you so much love which you actually deserve, and im the only one who kandeel with it.
you're s-hania-ce and pretty girl, will ya marry me?
would julie-ke to go out with me?
lets plan our wedding! ❤😅
i fell in lahvenya first look at me. will ya marry me?
i-menna love with you
if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.
*PICKUP LINES BY NAME*

reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it
are you medusa?

cos you're making me hard
are you a camera?

because everytime i look at you, i smile
are you an electrical current?

because you're a Q/T
hey girl, are you into pokemon?

cause just a peek-at-chu make me wanna squirt-a-lil
are you music?

cos after listening to you, my day becomes better
girl, you're like the earth

cause you only get hotter day by day
were your parents drug dealers?

because you're dope!
hey girl, are you corona virus?

because you leave me breathless
roses are red, violets are blue

my world goes black when i'm not with you
are you a cigarette?

cos i can't quit you
hey girl, are you a bank loan?

cause you have my interest
hey girl, are you a cigarette?

because i wanna put your butt in my mouth
i'm not a sportsman 

but me and you could touchdown later
mario is red, sonic is blue

can i cum in you?
mario is red, sonic is blue

will you be my player 2?
is your name summer?

because you'll be cumming soon
i am currently learning bass guitar and i need to get better at fingering

can i practice with you?
are you a black hole?

because attraction grows and time distorts the closer i get to you
hey girl, are you murderer?

because your looks can kill
are you a github respository?

cause i wanna commit to you
are you the sun?

because you light up my world
roses are red, my face is too.

that only happens when i'm around you
do you have planet insurance?

because i'm about to destroy uranus
hey girl, call me pigeon

cause i'm trying to drop something soft, white, and wet on your head later
Hey girl, are you the ratio of the hypotenuse and base with respect to angle C?

Cause you're sec C
is your name medusa?

cos i wanna seduce ya
is your name medusa?

because the way you looked at me made me rock-hard
if baby shark can do do do

then why can't we?
girl, are you stitches?

cause i wanna take you out
boy: can you help me with the directions?

girl: sure, to where?

boy: to your heart
hey, have you got a bandaid?

because i scraped my knee falling for you
if i were a stop light, i’d turn red every time you passed by, just so i could stare at you for a bit longer.
hey girl, is your father a baker?

cause you’re a cutiepie
are you from iran?

because i’m so glad iranian to you!
ok. im cum-ing.
u decide
do you have pet insurance?

because i'm about to kill that pussy
fuck you
hey girl, are you a fuck?

cause i don't wanna give you to anyone
hey girl, are you hell?

cause i'm definitely going down there
is your body mcdonald's?

because, i'm lovin' it
hey, according to a recent study, letter U and I are the most common typos while texting

because U and I are really close
tired of being an adult?

then be my baby ❤
are you a trampoline?

cause i'd love to bounce on you
do u know scientist have discovered the main reason for global warming?

it's you
you are pretty and i am cute

together we'd be pretty cute
are you nuclear fission?

cause i want to impact with you and release some energy
are you french? 

because eiffel for you
damn, are you nuclear fission?

cos you got my reactor goin
hey girl, are you a coffin?

cos i wanna be inside of you
hey girl, do u like discounts?

because clothes are 100% off at my place
could you be here with me forever, ever, ever?

would you be here with me forever, ever, ever?
hello, would you be my valentine?

you're so beautiful, a miracle of design

angels don't fall from the sky every day, so this must be a sign

but if you choose to walk away, if you choose to decline

just know after meeting you, my heart is no longer mine
i can't focus on driving the car when you're sitting next to me

cos your face is too distracting
roses are red, they grow in the grass

give me a chance & i'll cum in your ass
hey girl, are you trash can?

cos i belong in you
hey girl, are you a test

because every time i see you i say "fuck me!"
are you cinderella?

cause i see that dress disappearing at midnight
are you history?

cause i wanna go down on you
are you compressed file?

cause i would like to unzip you
my favourite planet is pluto

but i reckon it could be uranus if u let me explore it
are you medusa?

because i get rock hard when i look at you
hey baby, are you twenty first chromosome

cause i'm down for you
if we both were cats

then i would spend all my 9 lives with you
good thing your eyes aren't the corona virus

because i just caught them
i just took a DNA test

turns out i'm 100% into you
are you my bed?

cos i never wanna leave you
are you my homework?

cause i'd slam you on my table and do you all night
are you a baker?

cos i knead you
im like a roller coaster

cos when youll ride me, im gonna make u scream so hard
hey girl, are you ladesh?

cause i want to bangladesh
are you 'baby shark'?

cos i wanna doo doo doo doo doo doo you
you are so sweet!

infact i would eat you rather than chocolates
are you a terrorist?

cos i want you to blow me
Is your name Scooby?

Cause i wanna Doo you
are you my phone?

cos i love to turn you on
are you from MCU?

cos you are marvel-ous
are you valentine's day card?

cos i just wanna open you up and put all my love inside
roses are red, violets are fine

will you be my valentine?
boy: hey girl, do you like sleeping?

girl: yeah

boy: me too, we should try it together sometime
roses are red, my life is going pretty bad

but when i'm with you i don't feel sad
can you help me with a problem? 
it's x + u = 15

i think x must be 5 cause u sure are a 10
you might get a lot of compliments

but i can be your complement
i didn't believe them when they said that the universe was infinite until i looked into your eyes
i don't normally eat food which is super hot, but i'd eat you
roses are red, violets are blue

darling, i want to go down on you
my whole world changed the second i looked into your eyes
if i had a dollar for everytime you entered my mind

i'd have one dollar, because you never left
my jokes are dry but i can make you wet
damn girl, are you asthma?

cause you're breathtaking
roses are red, violets are blue

you have no clue how much i love you
hey girl, are you an old sad memory?

cos i can't get you out of my head
hey girl, are you believer?

cause like the holy spirit, i'm gonna come in you
hey girl, you dropped this 👑
@annemarie
are you anne?

cos i wanna marie you
are you a piece of rope?

cause i'd love to hang with you
can we be nothing?

because nothing seems to work out for me
can we be nothing?

because nothing lasts forever
i wish you were my "life"

cos my life is fucking me 24/7
are you my homework?

because i'm not doing you right now and i probably should be
i wish i was a derivative

so that i can lie tangent to your curves
hey girl, are you fridge?

cos i'd love to put some meat into you
hey, can you hold this for me for a minute while i take a walk?

*pull hand out of pocket and pretend to have something when they open their hand put yours in it and uncurl your fingers*
is your face from mcdonalds? 

cause im loving it
are you the corona virus?

cos you take my breath away
are you my geometry problem?

because from this angle, you look a-cute
hey girl, are you kobe bryant?

because you're a legend
if you were corona virus, then i'd love to go to china
i wanna share my happenis with you
roses are red, my life is a lie

but when i'm with you, i do not want to die
i dont like ur shirt

youd look better without it
i know life is unfair 

but it wont matter if you'll be my pair
girl, your lips look so dry!

want me to moisterize them?
if you look in a mirror you will see every reason why i fell in love with you
beauty has "u" but beautiful has "u" and "i"
are you suicidal thoughts?

cos i can't get you out of my head
if your heart was a prison

i’d like to be sentenced for life
i was feeling off today, but you definitely turned me on
if you were corona virus, i would move in china
remember me? oh i'm sorry how would you know me, we've met only in my dreams
roses are red, violets are great

pls sit on my face bcos i haven't ate
wanna watch porn on my mirror?
did you just lose an electron?

because i find you positively attractive
i suck at reciting the alphabets

because i am always missing u
i wish i were a balloon

cos maybe then you'd blow me
hey girl, anything you wanna get off your chest?

preferably your clothes
are you a batch of cookies in the oven?

because i can't wait to take you out
are you the himalayas?

because i want to see your nepals
Wanna be the Pixar Lamp to my "I"?
roses are red, violets are blue

i wanna go to bed, with you
roses are red, violets are blue

i'm sorry that i made this awkward, i just want to have a convo with you
Are you made of nickel, cerium, arsenic and sulfur?

Cos you got a NiCe AsS
are you eminem's godzilla song?

cos i don't understand ya, but i love ya!
i love chemistry

as long as it's between you and me!
hey girl, are you hogwarts?

cos i wanna get in to your chamber of secrets
hey do you know "the snack that smiles back?"

look in the mirror and smile
are you from japan?

cos i'm trying to get in japanties
hey, can i have your number?

i've seem to lost mine
on a scale of 1 to 10, you are a 9

and i'm the only 1 you need
hey girl, are you a toaster?

because i wanna take a bath with you
hey girl, your name is really hard to pronounce

so, can i just call you mine instead?
knock knock

who's there

fuck

fuck who?

fuck me
are you eminem's new album?

cos you're bomb
hey girl, are you nothing?

cos nothing is perfect
roses are red, violets are blue

just like ed sheeran, i'd also say "baby, the best part of me is you"
violets are blue, roses are red

you must be good, at giving head
knock knock

who's there?

baby yoda

baby yoda who?

baby yoda one for me
hey girl, are you trash?

cos i wanna take you out
hey girl, are you monday morning?

because i'll never want to get out of bed when you're around
hey girl, are you sleep?

cos i wanna do you all the time
hey, are you a factory before labor standards?

because i wanna put a bunch of kids in you
roses are red, violets are blue

fuck you
hey girl, are you an astromech droid?

because you R2 good looking and you might even get the D2
would jimin-d going out with me tonight?
i think you lack vitamin D

want me to give it to you?
Hey girl, are you Russia?

Because i have somethin' to Putin you
*pickup line for short girls*

you've the perfect height, when we hug you can listen to my heart beat only for you
i love you so fuckin much! and i swear it's nath-a-lie.
is your ass from mcdonald's?

cos i'm lovin' it!
roses are red, violets are blue

i'm in love with the shape of you
are you a light?

cos my world would be dark without you
would julia-ke to go out with me?
you're so-fia-king beautiful!
yu-ki-yoot & beautiful.
ali want is to be with you.
are you a magician?

cos whenever i look at u, al-i-see is you, and everything else disappears.
you're so hot that even my zipper is falling for you
ur smile is so sweet, anet is the most beautiful thing ive ever seen. ❤
i wanna maria(marry ya).
yo-ne-t like other people. theres something so special about u. thats why im in love with u.
your good looks are kyle-ing me.
i was sad, but when i saw ur face, my sadness go fara-way
youre the most cutest ana prettiest person ive ever seen.
Ola want is to be with you.
hey mona, im gona love you forever. will ya marry me?
amina love with you.
i-menna love with you.
aiman love with you.
will you be jas-mine?
hey neelima, i wanna do weelima with you.
you're so beautiful annie love you much! ❤
im fee-lyn like im in love with you.
i roy-lly love you much. will ya marry me?
you're sophie-king beautiful, will ya marry me?
woul-dew go out with me?
*PICKUP LINES BY NAME*

reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it
hey, are you air pollution

cos you're taking my breath away
are you australia?

because you're super hot and not getting enough attention
you may be the only one i love now but in ten years i will love another girl

she will call you mom
jesus can turn water into wine

but i can turn you into mine
roses are red, lemons are sour

open your legs and give me one hour
are you the sun?

cause you're the light of my life
are you a knife?

because i want you inside of me
are you a spider?

cos i'm nervous when you're around
are you australia?

cause you're hot and i'd love to make you wet
hey girl, if i was a cat

i'd spend all 9 lives with you 💕
do you wanna be a disney princess?

come at my place, and i will make you moana
are you a chicken or an egg?

either way, i want you to come first
hey girl, what's ur frequency?

cos i wanna resonate with you
@lauvsongs
i like me better when i'm with you
twinkle twinkle little star

come let's do it in my car
ayy girl, are you a rubik's cube?

because fuck you, you stupid piece of shit
i don't think i'm a good kisser

could you help me find out?
life without you is like broken pencil

pointless
you're just like cancer

you make my cells reproduce in the wrong way
are you a minecraft fence?

cos i can't get over you
girl, are you a metal pole on antarctica?

cos i wanna stick my tongue down on you
are you a school?

cos i wanna shoot kids inside of you
remind me to never play hide & seek with you

because a person like you is impossible to find
are you a torch?

because you light up my world
i would like to show you my world

but i'm pretty sure you own a mirror
roses are red, you need to remember

you are the reason i lost no nut november
fuck you
if u were a painting

i'd hold u up against the wall and nail you to it
girl, u like sales?

because at my house clothes are 100% off
hey, wanna come over at my place?

we can watch po*n on my 84 inch mirror
i mean the world's falling apart

you want to get some while we still can?
are you donald trump?

cos fuck you
is your father/mother a terrorist?

because you're the bomb!
Since ww3 is coming, can Iran into your heart?
are you shampoo?

cos i'd like to give you a lot of head
are you the square root of -100

cause you're a 10 and too good to be real
hey girl, do u have a controller?

cos i would love to turn you on
hey girl, are you a cigarette?

because you’re smoking hot and i want your butt in my mouth
i wouldn't mind if you took one of my hoodies home

it's a fair trade for me trying to steal your heart
damn girl, are you a sinusoidal plot?

because your curve goes on forever
are you a bee?

because you’re bee-autiful
hey, are you a volcano?

cos i lava you
the year might be 2020

but i don’t need 2020 vision to see how cute you are
are you a rare steak

because i’d still eat you if you were bleeding
are you a terrorist? 

cause i'm the bomb and i'm looking for someone to blow me..
ma'am, are you a parking ticket?

cause you have gotten fine written all over you
are you music?

because you've never failed to cheer me up
i'd offer you a cigarette

but you're smoking hot already
hey, are you newton?

cos im the apple that fell for you
hey girl, are you the new year?

because i think you're a solid 20/20
girl, did u drink redbull?

because i think u just grew wings and flew into my heart
what does the new years ball and ur pants have in common?

they're both dropping tonight 😏
hey girl, i want to exp-laura ur body.
are you the new year?

because my love for is as clear as 20 20
do u like raisins?

no? well, how do u feel about a date?
are you Iniesta?

cos i wanna Andres for you..
are you a firefly?

cos that ass is lit
are you a blanket?

because i want you to lay on me in bed
i wish you were my sleep paralysis demon

so that you could keep me up all night
are you a shower?

because i want to sit next to you and start crying uncontrollably
love is a sensation, caused by temptation, to feel penetration, for a guy to stick his location, in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation, do you get my explanation, or do you need a demonstration?
have you ever heard of an australian kiss?

it's the same as a french kiss, but down under.
are you the ceiling?

cos i'm a fan of you
i wouldn't mind being a thief

to steal a kiss from you
i would bring you to the movie theater

but they don't allow snacks
hey girl, are you a variable?

because i’m the 1, and i’ll always be there for you
no one wants to live forever

but forever would be fine if it's with you
i don't play minecraft anymore

because you're the only diamond i need
This is the police.

you're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
hey habiba, will you be my habibi?
your smile esra-elly beautiful. i'm in love with you.
mah-moud always gets happy, whenever i see you.
Mah-moud always gets changed from sad to happy, whenever i see you.
you're so a-mazen-g. i love you!
hey girl, what's ur last name? oh forget it. it doesn't matter.

soon i'm gonna chan-ge it.
are you a magician?

cos whenever i look at you. everything else disappears,
and all-i-ce is you.
will you hang out with me?
i don't want you to be fara-way from me. i want you close to me.
i wanna maria(marry ya).
you aaron my mind. all the time.
kan-a-si you and follow you? cos my mom always told me to follow my dreams.
*PICKUP LINES BY NAME*

reply with ur name or anybody's name,  and i'll make a pickup line with it.
i hate doing my homework 

but if you were my homework, i would do you all night
i'm not paralyzed

i just seem to be struck by you
i couldn't choose between an angle or a star to put on the christmas tree, so i put a picture of you ;)
hey girl, are you retarded?

because you seem pretty special to me!
i'm not drunk

i'm just intoxicated by you
girl, you must be a torturer

cos that ass is killing me
are you suicide?

cos i think about you everyday
if you were a mermaid, could i be one of your starfish?
are you suicide?

cos i wanna be committed to you
i must be dead

because they said angels are only found in heaven
hi! get in the van.
roses are red, violets are fine

i can be your six, wanna be my nine?
Merry Christmas everyone except you

Marry me
i don't have 20/20 vision but, i could totally see us together in 2020
my lips ft. yours
i like my music loud and your moans even louder
hey girl, do you like snakes?

cos i'm gonna show you my anaconda
i'm jealous of the blue jeans that you're wearing

the way they're holding you so tight
are you dementia?

because i'll forget about everything else when i've got you
hey girl, are you from korea?

because you sure look like my seoul mate
there's a mark on your dress

you can't see it but it's A+
are you a trash bag?

cos i want to take you out
say hi to me

and say bye to ur family
hey girl, are you jewish?

cause you israeli hot!
hey girl are you a garbage bag?

because i want to put my junk in you
*lesbian pickup line*

i wanna play rock, papers and specially scissors with you
did you know that the dictionary is wrong?

the real definition of cute is you
roses are red, violets are twisted

bend over you're about to get fisted
is your name ben?

cos you're a ten
hey girl, it's time to pay rent

you have been living in my heart for far too long
hey girl, call me an illegal migrant

cos my dick is gonna find refuge in that ass tonight
i'd never ask you to netflix and chill

i'm more of an IMAX and climax kind of guy
are you death?

because i want you
do you want to be my CEO?

because i need someone to take responsibility for the mistakes i'm going to make with you tonight
are you a shot of whiskey?

because you look like a bad decision i want to make over and over again
hey girl, are you a telescope?

cos when i look in you i see our future
girl, are you a fortune teller?

cos i can see my future in that ass
hey girl, are you a drug?

because i want to do you
hey, girl. do you have breast cancer?

cos dez tiddies are siiiick.
i can give you 10 seconds in heaven

if you wanna call it heaven
hey baby, are you my computer

cause you're hot and full of viruses i accidentally gave you ;)
if i flip a coin,

what are my chances of getting head
i'm pretty sure i'm living in a simulation

because there's no way a girl as perfect as you is real
roses are red, communism is great

how 'bout we go on a date?
i lost 90% of my vision 

now all i see is you and me together
i can't take you to the movies

because then they'd arrest me for carrying a bomb
are you a christmas tree?

cos i'm hooked on you
call me superglue

cos holyshit i do get attached
i'm gonna need to start wearing sunglasses from now on

cause you're so bright!
fuck you
hey i know it’s not my birthday

but can i have some of that cake
soon there’ll be 7 planets

because i’m gonna destroy uranus
he: there's twenty letters in the alphabet

she: no there's 26

he: i forgot u r a q t

she: that's 25

he: i'll give you the D later
are you a heart?

because i want you pounding inside me
are you a warm shower?

because you get me soaking wet, and i could stay here all day
you are my hoe

my hoe-life
hey girl, are you a cop?

cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway
sexcuse me. pls.
the sky is moody af but always pretty af, just like you
are you lung cancer?

cos you take my breath away
Ice Age teached us,

that in order to break the ice you just have to push your nut deep inside

so may i?
if a man in a red suit kidnappes you in the middle of the night don't be alarmed

because i wished for you for christmas
are you an insta meme?

cos i've seen you somewhere before
i wanna be on the top of the world

will you be my world?
damn girl, are you magician?

cos when i look at you, the rest of the world disappears
i lost my phone number

can i have yours?
are you a catchy song?

cos you get stuck in my head
i lost my virginity

can i have yours?
are you a bank?

cos i have a crippling amount of interest for you
i lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me instead?
hey girl, are you a coffin?

cos i'm dying to be inside you
roses are red, violets are blue 

i have a gun, get in the van
hey girl, are you a computer?

cause i wanna turn you on
hey, are you a terrorist?

because i want you to blow me
hey girl, i can sing my ABC's to you

i'll give you an A because you're awesome, i'll give you a B because you're beautiful, i'll give you a C because you're cute, and i'll give you this D because you deserve it
hey girl, are you standards?

because i don't have you, but i'd love to
hey! are you pickup lines?

cos i'm always ready to use you
hey girl, if you jingle my bells

i'll promise you a white christmas
are you frequency?

cos it hertz when you leave
are you christmas?

cos i can't wait for you to come
are you the night's sky?

cos i want to admire your beauty all the time
are you a rubik's cube?

cos even tho i might not know what i'm doing, i'm going to spend all of my time on you
there are approximately 1,010,300 words in english language

but i could never string enough words together to properly express how beautiful you are
roses are red, lemons are sour, open your legs and give me one hour
roses are red, lemons are sour, open your legs and feel the power
hey girl, are you a gun?

cos i want to end my life with you
her name ain't JOHN but i been in love since i CENA
i call my dick the dentist

because i provide fillings
hey girl, if philematology is the science of kissing

can we study at your place?
hey girl, are you @NASA's apollo mission?

because i'll love you to the moon and back
i wish i was a toilet paper cos then i could touch ur butt
you may call me firefighter

cos i find you hot and will leave you wet
i wanted to go see a movie with you

but then i remembered we weren't allowed to bring snacks
are you a text from a close friend?

cause i want to wake up to you everyday
are you pi?

cos there's no end to your irrationality
i would call you beautiful

but they say beauty is on the inside and i haven't been inside you yet
are you suicide? 

cos i wanna do you
get in the trunk
wanna go on ate with me?

dont worry i'll give you the D later
girl, do you smoke pot? 

cos weed be cute together
I must be the nuclear reactor

Because I need U
are you a blanket?

cos i want you on top of me
damn girl do you have a mirror in your pocket

cause i can see myself in your pants
are you a red stone torch?

because you make my piston extend
hey girl are you a hong kong protester?

because the thought of you being taken makes me nervous
i know you’re busy today
but can you add me to your to-do list
Excuse me ma'am, do you happen to have any sulfur, plutonium and yttrium?

because i need some PuSY
are you retarded? cos you look special to me
Not to make it obvious that i like you or anything

But i'm really jealous of the FBI man that gets to watch you through your camera
7 billion smiles
and
only yours
pours life in me
i really wanted to touch you

but they always say, don't touch the art
wanna watch some isney+

don't worry about the D, you'll get that later
he: i'm sure you have the most powerful super power

she: which one?

he: your smile melts anyone in one sec
if true beauty is on the inside

then let me be inside of you baby, cos i wanna see
girl, were u brought up in a farm?

cos you sure know how to raise cocks
are you a squirrel?

cos i wanna give you my nut
my heart does a little "!" when i see you
can i be the helicase to your DNA, because i want to unzip your jeans
*spills water on lady* 

i see you're quite wet, i tend to have that effect on women
do u have a map?

cos i just keep getting lost in your eyes
love is a chemical reaction and you're my catalyst
is your daddy a baker?

cos you got a nice set of buns
are you a traumatizing experience?

cos i can't get you out of my mind
if i were a red light, i'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so i could stare at you a little longer
he: hey girl, wanna play hide & seek?

she: sure

he: actually i can't 

she: why not?

he: cause a girl like you is really hard to find
roses are red, violets are blue

you'll like it when, i'm inside of you
are you antarctica?

cos i think you're really cool and i want you to stay that way
do you have a rope?

i was hoping maybe we could hang together
hey, you want to have a threesome?

cos i'm already getting fucked by life, but i know you will make it better
roses are red, you're like a trigger

everytime i see you, my dong grows bigger
if a fat guy in a red dress and a white beard tries to kidnap you, don't you worry

because i've asked you as a gift from santa
hey girl, are you an element?

cos i think about you periodically
i'm writing my TO DO list

can i include you?
are you NASA

cos i want you to blow my rocket
if baby shark can do do

then why can't we?
roses are red, violets are blue

you make my whole day better whenever i see you
i see trees of green, red roses too, i see them bloom for me & you

what a wonderful world it is with you
roses are red, they grow in the grass

give me a chance, and i'll cum in your ass
is your phone in your back pocket?

cos that ass is calling me
if i had a garden i'd put my tulips and your tulips together
girl how you be lookin like a snack and expect me to not take a bite
are you my ambitions?

cos i'll never quit on you
hey girl, are you a sharpie?

cos you're looking ultra fine tonight
roses are red, my face is too

this only happens when i'm with you
roses are red, violets are blue

there's nothing in this world, more prettier than you
are you my pinky toe?

cos i want to bang you on every furniture in my house
can we, be we?
your lips

my lips

apocalypse
roses are red, violets are blue

i failed no nut november and that's just because of you
are you my bed?

cos i want to be with you 24/7
hey girl, are you dinosaur?

cos jurass-is-sick
roses are red, violets are blue

you have no clue how much i love you
are you pool table?

cos i'd love to put my balls inside your holes
you can be the 'i', and i'll be the pixar lamp
i know what you should be for halloween

albert mine-stein
roses are red

so come to my bed
hey i don't know if you're into toy story but i was wondering if you'd like a friend in you?
are you a gillette razor?

cos you're the best a man can get
i hope you like kids

cos i wanna turn your throat into a daycare
hey babe, it's really cold

mind if i use ur legs as earmuffs
do you enjoy sales?

because if you're looking for a good one, clothes are 100% off at my place
do u want to go to the moon?

sit on my rocket, it'll take u up there
are u my phone?

cos i can't take my eyes off you
hey girl, i'm not DJ khaled

i'm not gonna say "another one", once you become mine
hey girl, i'm a gamer

i'm gonna play with ur pussy
i like me better when i'm with you
are you a burger?

cos i wanna get between those buns with my secret sauce
are u netflix?

cos i can watch u all day
fuck you
i wanna punch you in the face

softly

with my lips
are you light?

cos i wanna turn you on in the dark
are you light?

cos you brighten my day
my mouth hurts, can you kiss it better?
do you know why they call me 'cat whisperer'?

because i know what that pussy need
if you were drugs, then i'd be pablo escobar
do u have a camera? no?

that's okay, i can still picture us together
are you pizza?

cos i want a pizza your ass
the fact that women meet you on a daily basis and remain straight is a conclusive proof that sexuality is not a choice
are you calcium?

cos you make my bone harder
will you be the lime water to my CO²?

cos i wanna produce white precipitate in you
you should call me anesthetic

cos i'll never let anything hurt you
are you from israel?

cos you israeli cute
i don't know much about pies but you sure are a cute one
life's a theme park

but you're the main attraction
you are art
not to be romantic or anything but i'm pretty sure entire galaxies would die for you
are you made of copper and tellurium?

cos you are CuTe
your body is 65% water and i'm thirsty
i'm not a stalker but my eyes are addicted to you
hey, you should tie your shoelaces

i don't want you falling for anyone else
are you the square root of a negative number?

because i can't believe you're real
if i had a dollar for everytime i thought of you

i'd have $1, because i never stop thinking about you
hey girl, you're so hot that i can boil water on you
hey girl, are you dopamine?

because you make my heart, beat faster!
if i am sin²x and you are cos²x then we can be 1
if i had a dollar for everytime i saw a girl as hot as you

i'd be broke
are you a compressed file?

cos i'd love to unzip you
if being gorgeous was a crime,

then you'd be the most wanted
he: do you have a twin?

she: no

he: then you must be the prettiest girl in the world
hey you like toy story, right? 

so, woody mind if i take you out on a date?
those dms look smooth..

mind if i slip and slide into them?
are you pokémon?

because i want to throw my balls at you
are you my headphones?

cos i can't live without you
hey girl, are you sunday?

cos i'm gonna think about you all week
hey, are you knife?

cos i really want you inside me
he: i am a phrase and you are a sentence

she: why

he: because you complete me
are you a tweet?

cos there's no way i can dis-like you
are your parents professional bakers?

cos they sure made a cutiepie
are you today's date?

cos you're 11/10
hey girl, are you suicidal thoughts?

cos i can't get you out of my head
are you a calendar?

cos i want a date
you're so hot from the outside, let me check if you're hot from the inside too or not
hey girl, you make me want to be a pirate

because that booty will be my treasure
are you today's date?

cos you're 10/10
i'm sure you don't need cardio

cos you run through my mind every night
are you today's date?

cos you're 9/10 and i'm the 1 you need
i'll eat you after the dinner

cos you're the sweetest dessert i could find
i don't know what people call you

but i think i'll call you later
are you my house?

cos whenever i'm outside of you i always think about getting inside of you
when they say god made so many beautiful things, they are probably thinking of you
i don't have a pillow, mind if i use ur boobs as a pillow?
do you like harry potter because you can slytherin my bed
Even if the earth had no gravity, i'd still fall for you
No one knows what the future holds in store, but i hope in my future i'm holding you
i would like to tell you that you are beautiful but beauty is on the inside and i haven't been inside you yet
is your name john? cos i've never cena a girl like you before
are you a hug

cos you're all i need rightnow
are you 'joker' movie

cos you're 10/10
your eyes are so beautiful that i forgot my pickup line
your tits are so beautiful that i forgot my pickup line
hey girl, are you five days into the future?

cos you're a 10/10
you know that humans need 3 hugs a day to survive..

will you fill my daily quota?
i like my salad just like how i like you

no dressing
my bed is pretty squeaky, wanna come over and test how loud it can get?
hey girl, my pecker is unemployed

do you have an opening?
i like my salad just like how i like you

no dressing
hey miss, let me wipe that seat for you

*wipes face*
hey girl, are you earth?

cos some people might say you're flat, but deep down we all know you have amazing curves
hey girl, if i flip a coin

what's the chance of me getting head?
hey girl, are you water bottle?

cos i'm thirsty
is your name coca cola?

cos you look soda-licious
roses are red, violets are VIOLET

my heart is a plane, and you are the pilot
are you a blanket?

cos i want you on me
are you black hole?

cos i want you to suck me in
are you black hole?

cos you're pulling me towards you
hey girl, have you been flying lately?

cos that ass is first class ;)
you look nothing like my handwriting

but you do look like my type
are you a trash can?

because i am trash, and i need to be inside of you..
Roses are red, violets are blue

DaVinci painted Mona, cause he couldn't find you
hey! what's that thing all over your face?

oh! it's beauty
are you a rack of ribs?

cos you're barbacute
are you anxiety?

cos you're always in my mind
are you a rope?

cos i wanna hang with you
your body has 206 bones

want one more?
guess what i'm wearing

the smile you gave me :)
kiss me if i'm wrong..

but the sun sets in the east, right?
have i taken a loan from you?

cos, my interest in you is increasing
i searched for "beautiful" on google maps

and it lead me to you
did you flip a switch?

because you turned me on
are you a lawyer?

because you're the proseCUTEST
are you a spray bottle?

cos i could make you squirt with one finger
hey girl, are you a map?

cos i'm lost without you
did you invent the airplane?

cause you seem Wright for me
hey girl, are you a genie's lamp? 

because i really want to rub you rightnow
are you a microwave?

cos mmmmmmmmmmm
he: remember me? 

she: no

he: oh right! i forgot. i only met you in my dreams
if you were the wind, i'd want to be a kite

that way you would blow me
you can call me a rubik's cube

because when you play with me i get harder
i lost my future girlfriend's phone number

i think you might have it
are you in astronomy?

cos i am trying to make it to uranus
<3.1415926
my love for you is like pi

it's never ending
ey girl, are you bed?

cos i love you
tie your shoelaces

i don't want you to fall for anybody else
is your name ladesh?

cos i want to bangladesh
girl, i'm jealous of your shirt

cos it's wrapped around you and i'm not
you feeling down?

let me go down, maybe then you'll feel better
i like 25 letters of the alphabet

but i love u
are you my math test?

cos i'm gonna fuck you up
are you my life?

because i want to fuck you up
are you my glasses?

cos i can't take my eyes off you..
are you a scientist?

cos i lab you
are you the void?

cos i keep falling into you
hey girl!

halloween is around the corner would u mind dressing up as my girlfriend this season?
i'm a magician

if you want to see i can turn you from virgin to a pregnant lady
hey girl, are you a bathtub?

cos i want get naked, get inside of you and then get all wet
hey girl, are you a slide?

cos i want to go down on you
you legs are like oreos

i just wanna split them and eat the good stuff in the middle
me without you is like:

a shoe without laces
a geek without braces
and asentencewithoutspaces
are you a spy? cos i bet you'd perform well under-covers
babe, you turn my software into hardware
are you microwave?

cos you'd be loud af when i turn you on at night
you are going to give me diabetes

cos you're so sweet
are you a vibrating atom?

cos you're hot
*if you both see a shooting star*

i would make a wish but you already came true
i hope you have planet insurance

cos i'm about to destroy uranus
are you parking ticket?

cos you've got fine written all over you
stay safe because i like being alive at the same time as you
damn girl, are you coffin?

cos i really wanna be inside you
now that my eX is out of the equation

i'm trying to find Y you're not with me
are you my 3am thoughts?

cos i can't get you out of my head
are you a cat?

bcos i feel like a cat, i want to be inside you
are you a banana? bcos i find you ap-peel-ing
let's fuck in an art gallery

i mean you deserve to be pinned up against a wall

you are a masterpiece
damn girl, are you my bed?

cos i wish i could be with you all the time
if i asked you out on a date, would your answer be the same as your answer to this question?
baby do you have a license? cos you're driving me crazy
could you get your parent's autograph for me?

because i'm a huge fan of their work!
where i can find a bakery to get a cutie pie like you?
hey girl, are you my enemy?

cos you know what they say, keep your friends close and your enemies closer
do you want to eat something, my mom made?
i'll buy you food

but you have to let me eat you afterwards
hey girl, are you my enemy?

because you know what they say, keep your friends close but your enemies closer
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

whoops it seems like i dropped my 10, where do i pick you up at?
your boobs look heavy, let me hold them for you
pizza isn't the only thing i like to eat in bed
are you a tweet?

cos there's no way i can dislike you
i smile when i think of you
roses are red, grass is green

i like your legs, what's in between?
are you a horse?

cos i wanna ride you
kiss me so i can find out if you taste as good as you look
yeah i have netflix

but i'd rather watch you the whole night
hey there! can i get some directions?

because i think i got lost in your eyes
hey girl, are you cinderella?

just thought because your dress is going to disappear at midnight
your body is a wonderland

& i reeaallllyyyy want to be alice
hey, are you my GPA?

cos i'm going to fuck you up all year
i am afraid of the dark

will you sleep with me tonight?
wanna hear me do the alphabet?

A B C D E F G R U D T F with me?
are you a glass ketchup bottle?

because i'm gonna bang you for a while at the kitchen table
hey, are you spy?

cos i think you would perform well undercovers
my magic watch says that you are not wearing any underwear

*a moment of silence* oh you are wearing it. it must be ten mins fast
can i borrow a kiss? 

i promise i will give it back
hey, did it hurt when you fell from that vending machine?

cos you are a snack
yes, i'm G. A. Y.

Gonna

Ask

You out
hey girl, are you suicide?

cos i comtemplate doing you every night
are you a gamer girl?

cos i want you to play with my joystick
she: fuck you

me: when? xD
if i had a star for every time you brightened my day, i would be holding a galaxy
are you a drum?

cos i want to bang you with my stick
i blame you for global warming, cos your hotness is too much for this planet to handle
let's play titanic, you be the iceberg and i go down
i'm looking for a STUD

i already have the STD

and all i need is U
they say i'm a firefighter

because i find them hot and leave them wet
roses are red, apples are green

you're the most beautiful person i've ever seen
if looks could kill, then you would be worse than hitler
if looks could kill, you would be the goddess of death
you? one in a million? more like one in 7.5 billion
see that yellow ball on the sky?

it's almost as hot as you
your name is worth 7 points in scrabble

which surprised me because you're definitely a 10
i love you so much that sometimes i hold my pee while we're messaging each other
i don't usually eat food which is super hot, but i will eat you
do you like sleeping? me, too.

we should do it together sometime.
if you think honey is the sweetest thing, it might be because you haven't tasted me
are you suicide?

cos you're always on my mind
do you drink coke? cos you're so-da-licious
you're that "nothing" when people ask me what i'm thinking about
you can't be my first, but you can be my last
are you a messy room? because i'm coming up with some creative and new stuff to do to you
i love your eyes
but i love mine more
because without them, i couldn't see you
are you a salary?

cos i want it everyday
he: what is your dream?

she: kissing in the rain. and your?

he: that raining now
i'm no electrician, but i can light up your day
your body is 70% water and i'm thirsty
everything in your life seems to be fucking you over right now

why don't i join in?
your clothes are making me uncomfortable, pls take them off
you like clothes? 

then you should've come to my place, cos they're 100% off at my place
roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when i'm around you
can we, be we?
if you were a device

you would a calCUTElater
are you my universe?

cos i wanna BIG BANG into you
i sleep better when you’re the last person i talk to
if you wake up in a closed red room with no windows or doors, don't panic it's my heart
are you 'me'?

cos i can't stop thinking about you at night
i'm a magician, and i'm about to make your virginity DISAPPEAR!
hey, are you stairs to the fifth floor?

cos you're taking my breath away
are you some stupid thing i did at the age of 13 and can't forget?

because thinking about you keeps me awake at night
if a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you are
i'm going to have to report spotify..

cos i didn't see you in my hottest singles last week
i wish i could take you to the movies

but they won't let me bring my own snack
you can call me mufasa

cos i really want to lion you
are you a mountain?

cos i wanna get on top of you
are you my will to live?

because i miss having you around
i wanna do dirty things with you

like farming
are you a minecraft fence? cos i can't get over you
roses are red, violets are blue

i didn't know what perfect was until i met you
if you were my waitress

i wouldn't just give you a tip, i'd give you the whole thing
if i got a dollar for everytime i thought of you

i'd have only one because you never left my mind
hey girl are you a rope?

cos i wanna hang with you tonight
i'm no organ donor but i'd be happy to give you my heart
are you from china? cos i'm china get your number
do you work at KFC? cos you're finger licking good!
are you a keyboard? cos you are my type
my mom thinks i'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
can i tie your shoelaces?

because i can't have you fall for anyone else
want to know what i'm wearing?

the smile you gave me
are you a blanket? cos i want you on top of me in bed
are you a video game? cos i wanna play with you all night
can i stick my straw into your juice box?
did you grow up on a chicken farm?

bcos you sure know how to raise a cock
if i had a dollar for everytime you're in my head

i'll have none, cos you went straight to my heart
hey girl are you from hell?

cos you are hotter than the devil
if i were your gardener

i'd put your tulips and my tulips together
i'm jealous of your heart, cos it's inside you and i'm not
i 🐝🍃 in you.
hey are you my appendix?

cos i'm not completely sure how you work but i have this weird feeling in my gut that makes me wanna take you out
i would buy you a drink, but i'll be jealous of the glass
if you were my homework, i'd do it everyday
you're under arrest for disturbing the peace

in my pants
are you a coconut? cos i wanna smash you till some white stuff comes out
jesus can turn water into wine

but i can turn you into mine
are you a drum? cos i wanna bang you so hard
are you trash? cos i wanna take you out
hey girl, are you death?

because i hope you come for me soon
hey girl, are you death?

cos you're breathtaking
damn girl, are you honey? cos you're sweet and THICC
can i give you a kiss?

if you don't like it you can return it
what's the difference between you and an alarm clock?

i'd enjoy waking up to you
there are so many types of art but you are my favorite
roses are red, violets are blue

there's nothing in this world prettier than you
roses are red, my life is crappy

whenever i see you i feel so freaking happy
roses are red, my face is too..

that only happens when i'm with you
roses are red, violet are blue

i'm not that pretty but damn look at you
are you mathematician?

because i 1, 2, 1/2, 6 with you
are you the earth? bcos you are getting progressively hotter
if u feel like you don't belong anywhere, it is because u belong with me, u sad cutipie
are you a compressed file? 

cos i'd love to unzip you
are you from area 51?

it's because your beauty is out of this world
love is hard, so is writing

but when i think of a world without you it becomes very unexciting
you can call me food because, trust me

you need me inside you
you should pay me rent for staying in my heart all day
are you french? because Eiffel for you
are you my laptop? cos i think i'll be with you all night
please visit me when i die

so my heart can start beating again
hey, don't you have a home? cos you keep staying in my heart
are you the sun? cos you bright up my day
hey girl, are you a pillow? cos i wanna flip you over and dig my face in you
