was ur cat struck by lightning? cause ur pussy is electrifying

on a scale of 1 to 10, you are 8 and i'm in 2 you

i'd love to be saturn so i could be closer to uranus

the word of the day is legs... wanna help me spread the word?

roses are red, they are white too... quarantine's fucking my mind, cause i'm missing you

see those gaps between your fingers... they're for my fingers to slip in

twinkle twinkle little star, we can do it in my car

you know when the class was asked the synonym of beautiful... everyone was looking at the board while my eyes were searching for you

roses are red, i met you it must be fate... i shall take down ur number, cause i think you're great

hey girl, you look like my first wife... idk tho i've never been married

i feel like u and i belong together even the keyboard says so!

happy fathers day to me, i guess cos you're my baby ;)

call me a plumber because i've got the tools to get your waters flowing

noticed the mistake in the latest music charts? they forgot to list you in their hottest singles

you're the best work of art i've ever seen, vincent van gogh must be jealous of you

you're a work of art let me go inside you, i wanna check the whole museum

you're a work of art let me nail you against a wall

i'm afraid that my lips are gonna get burned when i'll kiss you, because you're so fuckin hot

you're so hot that i could fry an egg on you

i need my inhaler, because you take my breath away

There is a debate whether there are 8 planets or 9 The debate will soon change to 7 planets or 8 after i destroy uranus

you can call me alice because i want to explore your wonderland

are you netflix? cos i'll leave you turned on all night long

oh shit, i think i'm having a heart attack... oh, false alarm, you just made my heart skip a beat ;)

i hope your day is as beautiful as your boobs

i hope your day is as nice as your butt

he: hey, there's something on your butt she: what he: my eyes 💕

excuse me ma'am, why are you still driving? didn't your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?

fuck you

what's the difference between you and a pair of sunglasses? sunglasses sit higher on my face

i was blinded by your beauty... i'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes

i'm not batman but whenever i look at you my dark knight rises

fuck me if i'm wrong, but you're gonna accept my request for going out on a date, right?

are you exercise? cos you're breathtaking!

call me pooh cos all i want is you, honey

roses are red, your arse is immaculate... if you sit on my lap, i'll fill you with ejaculate

last night i saw a shooting star and i made a wish i can't say what i wished for, but you are right here so it came true

i love your eyes, but mine's better cos without mine i can't see yours

hey girl, are you a cop car? cos i want to smash you until you can't move

you're so hot my zipper is falling for you

hey! my name is microsoft can i crash at your place tonight?

you're not the exponential form of 4 but, i'm 2² to lose you

you are 9/10 and i'm the one you need

are your parents drug dealers? cause i'm definitely addicted to what they made

hey girl, you can call me corona because tonight i'm gonna make ur throat hurt

i'm writing a paper on the finer things in life, i was wondering if i could interview you?

you remind me of russia in 1917, i'm starting to feel a huge uprising in my lower class...

can i have it back? my breath, you just took it away...

i like playing video game... because you are my candy crush

roses are red, lets fuck on my bed

are you a quart? because you're a qt

is your dad in jail? cos if my daughter looked like you, i'd be in jail

fuck me if i'm wrong but i do have a chance of getting laid with you, right?

hey girl, are you from dubai? because i want dubai you a drink

tested positive for comeoverimhorny virus

scary movies aren't helping... can you make me scream?

damn girl, you're hot enough to kill the coronavirus

do you realize that we never stop tasting our tongues? can i taste yours for a change?

your lipstick looks good may i taste it?

are you an intel CPU? cos you're really hot

hey girl, i might not be a baker but i knead you dough

nice pants 😍 can i test the zipper?

hey girl, are you the capital of thailand? cause i want you to bangkok

i'd like to eat you out later i mean eat out with you later

i would eat you out, but... i will get diabetes, because you're so sweet

i'm not saying ur parents are from 'al qaeda' but they definitely know how to make a bomb

i have anxietitty, because i think about ur tits all the time

call me a bra cos im here to support u and touch ur tits

roses are red, i'm insecure give me a kiss, that is the perfect cure

i'm bad at geometry but... if you were an angle you'd be acute one

hey girl, are you a virus? cos you infected my heart

are you a squirrel? cos i want you give you my nut

can't spell nut without u therefore i need u to nut

roses are red, lets sleep together on my bed

i can't buy you gucci or armani but i can make ur pussy a tsunami

he: what's your favourite flower? she: rose he: oh awesome! now i know what to put in ur casket when i murder that pussy tonight

are you from netherlands? cos amsterDAMNNNNNN

cows say 'moo', sheep say 'baa' get over here and i'll make you say 'aahhh'

i hope your day is as beautiful.... as your smile

girl, is your ass the new snapchat filter? cause i would love it on my face

wanna be a disney princess? cos i'll make you moana

your body is 70% water and i'm thirsty

i'm not religious but if i was with you i'd be on my knees every day

my love for you is like a copied assignment, i can't explain it

everytime i follow my heart it leads me right to you

someday we'll be one of those cute old couples actually, you'll be the cute one, and i'll just be the lucky one

i'm a professional bathroom singer will you be my duet partner?

what's the point of calendars... if they can't tell me you're my date

hey girl, are you ramadan? cause you brought out the best of me

are you 1+1? because <3

roses are red, ur beauty is a distraction lets get to ur room and start some action

are you my country? cos i'll die for you

are you a lawyer? because you're the prose-cutest

what's the difference between you and coronavirus? nothing, you're both absolutely breathtaking

are you a washing machine? cos i wanna fill you with my dirty load

he: happy mothers day! she: but i don't have a kid. he: im tryna give you one!

roses are red, cookies are brown never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down

are you gasoline? cos your smell is so damn attractive

i'll give you a kiss. if you don't like it, you can return it

i'm really attracted to you, and according to newton's law of gravitation, you're attracted to me too

hey girl, are you bloody? because i want to mary you

hey girl, are you suicide? because i think about you alot

i was going to call you beautiful... but beauty is on the inside and i haven't been inside you yet!

corona virus is gonna kill every single person on the planet i'm single and you're single, do you want to survive together?

are you my phone? cos my attention is all yours

i know we have only just met, but i would like to get to know you on a deeper level about 8 inches deeper

hey girl, are you a math question? cos i've been staring at you for hours

are you a coconut? because i wanna smash you till the white stuff comes out

have you got a shovel? because i'm digging that ass ;)

There are alot of things we don't know about the universe.... All I know is that it starts with U N I

wanna act out a scene from 50 shades?

if i had a flower for everytime i thought of you, i would be walking through a garden forever

boy: hey, what's ur name? girl: *tells her name* boy: oh sorry. i suddenly got lost in ur eyes. what did you say ur name was?

you have 206 bones in ur body... want another one?

roses are red, i love you more than my bed

are you a palm tree? cos i really want those dates

hey girl, are you my grades? cos you're getting the d

you know what i hate about english? there's no "d" in "you"

hey girl, are you the fan of batman? cos whenever i look at you my dark knight rises

hey girl, are you a charged particle? because i got my ion you

i'm just tryna h_g and c_ddle but there's one thing i'm missing u

i am an astronaut and my next mission is to explore uranus

roses are red wanna know what happens next? come join me in my bed

are you a badminton shuttle? cos i wanna flick you and then smash you

are you the bottom of my laptop? cause you're hot and i'm getting nervous

does your skin steam when you take shower? cause you're boiling hot

hey girl, are you a square? cos you got all the right angles

i thought nothing is perfect but then i met you

is carbon dioxide really causing global warming? or is it just you?

roses are red, violets are blue i will do anything just to have you

are you a good video game? cause i'll do you for hours and still won't get bored

and i wanna be all overview

me: there are three views, front view, back view her: what's the third one? me: i loview

i have a present for you, but i don't know how to wrap hugs

are you isha?  because my day doesn't seem to end without you #HalalPickupLine
#RamadanMubarak

your lips look really dry i could moisturize them for you if you want

pay me the rent! for stayng in my heart all the time!

hey girl, are you fajr? cos i always miss you

hey girl, i want your feet to be my kid's jannah #رمضان_مبارك

hey gurl, are you ramadan? cos i become a good boy while you're around #RamadanMubarak
#رمضان_مبارك

#RamadanMubarak to my muslim fans 💙

are you from china? cause i think you are the wuhan for me

do you wanna watch porn... on my mirror?

roses are red. violets are blue i always wanted to die, but now i want to live because of you

due to less pollution, many planets are visible these days can i see uranus tonight?

my dick is a flute if you blow on it, i'll chime ;)

i must be a rubik's cube because the more you mess with me, the harder i get

are you  https? cause i feel secure around you

it may be lockdown but after lookin at ur profile, i can't keep my cockdown

are you a fridge? cos i love checking you out

consider me a firefighter i find you hot & im gonna leave you wet

something inside me is lost somewhere inside you

are you "nothing"? cos i wanna do you all day long

are you the chamber of secrets? cause i want to slyther-in side you

Are you O+ Because you're just my type

is your name john?  cos i've never cena girl like you before

are you my phone charger? cos i wanna sleep next to you

we're not socks, but i think.... we'd make a great pair

 pic.twitter.com/5ysBdcCMtX

you shouldn’t wear makeup, it's messing with perfection

are you "me"? cos you make me smile & laugh, & i should marry you

i may not be hulk  but im tryin to smash

*lesbian pickup line* oh you're straight? so is spaghetti before it gets hot and wet

*lesbian pickup line* wanna play rock, paper and most importantly scissors?

*lesbian pickup line* when i'm around you i can't think straight

the only thing i regret about meeting u is why didn't this happen before

on a scale of 1 to 9,999,999,999 what is your phone number

save water, shower with me instead!

i'm trash, will you be my trashcan? because i wanna be inside you

are you youtube? cos i want you tu be mine

do you live at a museum?  because you're a work of art

i lost my cat... :( can i play with ur pussy?

if you were a dinosaur, you'd be gorgesaurus

they say tongue is the strongest muscle wanna wrestle?

roses are red, quarantine life is shitty the only thing that'll make me happy, is the picture of ur titty

excuse me, i'm lost, can you help me? i looked into your eyes and now i don't know where i am.... which way to your heart?

hey girl, are you from bombay? cause you look quite like bomb-bae 💕

can i call you pillow? because i wanna give you head

if cuteness was a currency you'd be a millionaire

sleeping is great but staying up with you is even better

if i had a star for everytime i think about you, i'd have a galaxy in my hand

she didnt replied :( pic.twitter.com/QaWBAv5EZO

she didnt replied to me. fuck her. pic.twitter.com/8J1RK3VE2b

kissing is the language of love... wanna have a deep conversation?

are you an artist? cos you're drawing me in

is your mom in the air force? cos she dropped the hottest bomb

roses are red, paper is white will ya go out with me tonight?

roses are red, ur future will be bright if youll go out with me tonight

corona virus will not infect you... because the virus doesn't survive in the hot environment

oh hey girl, is it your birthday today? got me confused with all that cake you got there

are you a mirror? cos i can see myself in you

Are you lightning? Cause i wanna make you McQueen

roses are red, you are really pretty how about you let me suck your titty?

is your ph 1? cause it burns when i see you with someone else

i heard there's a dangerous virus out there... you wanna be my face mask?

you must be really good at art... cause you have drawn my attention!

hey girl, are you a convertible car? because you would look better with your top down

if i had a flower for everytime i thought of you... i'd walk through a garden forever

your butt is nice but it would be nicer if it was on my lap

hey girl, i would ask for netflix and chill... but my mood says disney and kiss me

are you a mirror? because whenever i look at you i see someone i like

i'm not religious but you make a pretty good argument for believing in angels

im gonna call you "A.Z" cos it all begins and ends with you

shakira said, "try everything" so, would you let me try you?

hey girl, are you from egypt? cos i cairo about you

girl, those bed bugs are so damn lucky! they get to bite you, but i don't..

are you on fire? cause you're hot and i wanna make you wet

i love you more than my wifi

hey girl, wanna be my hope? the 'p' is silent tho

pretty sure that smoke alarm is defective.... you walked past and it didn't go off

are you a knife? cos i want you inside me

i'm out of quarantine snacks, are you avaliable?

i want you to know something but i'm too scared to tell you in person so, i'll just let the 1st three words of this sentence to say it for me

i'm like corona virus. i want to be all over you and you'll barely be able to breathe after

if your heart was a prison i’d like to be sentenced for life

are you a baker? cos i knead you

people call me handsome... but you can call me anytime

i'm so frustrated at apple rightnow... i was on itunes and they don't have you listed as today's hottest single

roses are red, violets are blue sugar is sweet and so are you

me: hey girl, spell me girl: M E me: what about the D girl: there's no D in me me: not till i get there

do you know why you need to get up early? because you're the sunshine 💕

your boobs looks heavy, can i hold them for you?

eman love with you.

you're seif-uckin beautiful.

i sarah-iously love you so much.

i love you sa-ma-ch, will you marry me?

i wanna salma heart to you, but don't worry i'll give it to u for free 💕

when the first time ayesha you, i got a feeling that you're the one who i'm gonna marry.

if you'll be mine, then i'd consider that malak is so good 💕

are you corona virus? cos everything reminds me of you

you're beau-tiful.

when the first time i laid eyes on you, i immediately signed up to be an organ donor, do you know why? because i want to give you my heart

w-illya go out with me?

im fee-lynn like i'm in love with u.

i wanna salma heart to you, but don't worry i'll give it to you for free 💕

i sara-iously love you so much.

woul-dew like to go out with me?

you're created farah person like me. will ya marry me?

when the first time aisha you, i got a feeling that ur the person who im gonna marry.

i think i shahd say this to you...... you're the most beautiful girl i've ever seen. will ya go out with me?

let's flip a coin... heads, i go out on a date with you; tails, you go out with me

*PICKUP LINES BY NAME* reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it

hey girl, are you quarantine? because i feel obligated to stay inside you

my bed hurts my back, can i sleep in yours instead?

your kids are going to look cute af... but the y is silent

What do quarantine and cuddle have in common? 'U'

damn girl, these feelings for you must be like corona i caught it real fast

just deleted the maps app because it didn't show me the directions to ur heart

hey guys, i've made a whatsapp group for pickup lines. 
so, if u wanna join... here's the link:
 https://chat.whatsapp.com/CySVRw6Fof60KMnCAynWWI …

are you a blanket?  cos i love it when you're on top of me

everyone is in lockdown... but i just wanna lock myself down in your pants

i think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours!

guys, go follow this acc. xoxo. https://twitter.com/bestbreakupline/status/1244914410034008065 …

my gym is closed because of the quarantine can i work you out instead?

*looks at girl's pussy* you gonna eat that?

you have to attend my wedding when i get married... because the wedding can't go on without the bride

your legs are like an oreo cos i wanna split them apart and eat everything in between

you are just the way i like my beer... strong, sweet and addictive

i'm a tattoo artist you wanna try a red one on your neck?

hey, my friends bet i couldn't talk to the prettiest girl here wanna use their money to buy drinks?

roses are red, violets are blue corona is cancelling everything except my feelings for you

roses are red, i've got a gun get in the van.... this will be fun

be my once in a lifetime

are you sleep? cos i wanna go deep in you

this year has been full of surprises... why don't we get together and surprise others?

knock knock who's there? baby yoda baby yoda who? baby yoda one for me

💙

if i were a planet i'd want to be neptune so i can be right behind uranus

will you be jasmine?

miss, step aside please i need to check you... cause i think you have stolen my heart

lmao.

why tho

hey.

how u doin?

if you were a youtube ad i wouldn't skip

roses are red, here's a pen, can i have your number, because you sure are a ten 💕

i'm learning about important dates in history wanna be one of them?

roses are red, corona is bad i want you to make me a dad

are you interstellar movie? cos i love everything about you

when the first time i laid eyes on you, i immediately signed up to be an organ donor, do you know why? because i want to give you my heart

roses are red, corona is a virus hook up with me, it's gonna be good for both of us

i lost my pillow... mind if i lay over you instead

are you terms and conditions? cause whatever you say i'll always agree with you...

is there a phone in your back pocket by any chance? cos that ass is calling me

your lungs must be fucked up cos you're smokin' hot

Alphabet starts with A B C Number starts with 1 2 3 Music starts with Do Re Mi So can love start with you and me

roses are red, corona's the flu can i quarantine these nuts inside of you?

hey, so i went to my doctor to get tested for the corona virus... doctor said, i'm fine i'm just missing one thing, it's vitamin U

covid cancelling everything.... except my feelings for you 💕

do i have COVID-19? or did you just take my breath away?

are you my favourite song? cos i don't wanna share you with anyone

are you the embarrassing moments of my life? cos i don't wanna share you with anyone

damn girl, are you aphrodite? because i'm in the mood for some pleasure and procreation

i think you're 2020... cause you're fucking me real good

are you corona virus? because i wouldn't mind spending two weeks in bed with you

can i quarantine my cock in your pussy?

damn girl, are you my pinky toe? cause i'm gonna bang you on all my furniture!

you're created farah person like me. will you marry me?

youre so beautiful, ando love you so much.

i love evelyn thing about you. will ya marry me?

i zahra-iously love you so much.

ali want is to be with you.

i love y-oussama-ch.

i'll be immune to corona if you smile at me just once  because i'll be dead before i even catch it

hey girl, are you the vaccine? cause the whole world's chasing you

i want you chloe-s to me

isabel? or should i just knock to cum inside you?

i wanna marie you.

you aaron-e and only for me.

if i neal down and ask you to marry me, what will be ur answer?

you armyae first love. will ya marry me?

emma-n love with you.

i dont want money nour i want to be famous.
i just want you and nothing else.

you're the mehdi-cine for all my pains. will ya marry me?

*PICKUP LINES BY NAME* reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it

are you corona virus? cos i can't stop thinking about you

do you wanna make your mom happy? make her my mother-in-law 💕

her: i have a boyfriend me: i have a math test her: what? me: i thought we were naming things we were going to cheat on

roses are red, violets are blue there's nothing in this world more beautiful than you

people are catching corona virus but the only thing i'm catching is........ feelings for you

if corona virus is the reason to keep you at home i would like to be the one to take you out

damn, this COVID-19 stuff sure does suck... but you can't spell quarantine without u,r,a,q,t

roses are red, corona is bad even if u cough on me, i won't be mad

hey girl, are you a cop? cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway

this is the police! you're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.

my eyes met many eyes but only got lost in yours...

i don't need hand sanitizer or masks... cause your looks got me dead already

are you the inverse of cos c cos you are sec c

are you the square root of -36? because you are 6i

if the corona virus doesn't take you out... can i?

hey baby, wanna destroy my throat before corona virus does?

if you wake up in a red room with no windows or doors, don't panic you're in my heart

when the first time i looked at you, a song's lyrics came into my mind, it was "i want something just like this..."

if i had a penny for everytime i thought of you, i'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind

fuck me if i'm wrong but... earth is flat right?

hey girl, can i tie your shoes? cause i don't want you to fall for someone else

if you were my pillow i'll lay on it all day

do you have a phone in your back pocket? cause i swear that ass is calling me

hey girl, are you my sleep? because i just wanna be into you all day, all night

you're too-ka-yoot ❤

haidy was dreaming? cos ur beauty is totally unreal.

you're sophie-king beautiful. will ya marry me?

did you know that ur body is 70% water? well, i can't live without water

are you appendix? because i don't know anything about you but this feeling in my gut is telling me that i should take you out

flamingos are pink, proposing takes guts... i'll be the pimp, you be my slut

hey girl, are you my favourite game? because i really want to spend all my free time with you

damn girl, do you have a cold? cause i can't stop looking ACHOOO

i'm not a hipster but i can make your hips stir

hey girl, can i see your baby picture? i want to know if you've always been this cute

hey, are you my glasses? cause you might not be with me 24/7, but when you are, i can see this world in a better and beautiful way

hey i think we need to go into quarantine together because your smile is contagious

are you a trashcan? cause i deserve to be in you

you look so familiar, i think we've met in my dream... it must be the clothes confusing me, mind taking off your clothes so i can make sure it's you?

roses are red violets are blue i would love to stick my dick inside you

I am studying chemistry so I need Cu everyday...

hey cutie, are you exercise? because you're breathtaking

i think i like you too much to the point where just seeing your name on random places makes me smile

i'm just a basic guy... who for you is even ready to die

damn girl, are you a good video game? cause i will do you for hours and still won't get bored

are you suicide? cos i think about you everyday

i'm not drunk i'm just intoxicated by you

hey, are you newton? cos im the apple that fell for you

twinkle twinkle little star come let's do it in my car

wanna watch porn on my mirror?

i like me better when i'm with you

hey girl, are you a convertible car? because you would look better with your top down

you know there are angels in heaven... i hope i go to heaven, so i can see you once again

girl, you're like the SAT cos i'd do you for 3 hours and only stop for water breaks

if beauty were time you'd be eternity

if you were a tear in my eye i would never cry for the fear of losing you

damn girl, are you a nucleotide? cause you're basic at your core but i still wanna bond with you

are you my smartphone? cause i should sleep rn but i would rather spend my time doing you all night

i just went to a fireworks shop and asked for their biggest bomb. they gave me a picture of you.

damn girl, are you a pinata? cos i'm gonna need a blindfold before i hit that

hey girl, are your parents scientists? because they made a bomb

i don't mind going to jail... for murdering your pussy

he: do you like tomatoes? she: yeah he: then we must ketchup sometime

if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.

if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.

are you a cup of coffee? cos you are brewtiful

i love you sa-ma-ch, will ya marry me?

i dont want money, noura want to be famous.
i just want you. and nothing else.

hey lexi, you're so sexi.

you're so beautiful, anda love you so much! will ya marry me?

when the first time aisha you, i got this feeling that you're the one who im gonna marry.

you're asma oxygen. cos i cant live without you.

are you baby shark? because i wanna do do do do do do you

Have you visited your doctor recently because i think you have B.G.S Beautiful Girl Syndrome

i dont want amelia-n dollars, nor i want to be famous. i just want you.

wanna have a threesome? cause i'm already getting fucked by life but you'll make it better

you're ah-med-icine for all my pains. will ya marry me?

it looks like you need someone to give you so much love which you actually deserve, and im the only one who kandeel with it.

you're s-hania-ce and pretty girl, will ya marry me?

would julie-ke to go out with me?

lets plan our wedding! ❤😅

i fell in lahvenya first look at me. will ya marry me?

i-menna love with you

if there was anybody asking me for relationship advice about you, i'll just say mariam. cos you're a wife material.

*PICKUP LINES BY NAME* reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it

are you medusa? cos you're making me hard

are you a camera? because everytime i look at you, i smile

my love for you is just like diarrhea... i just can't hold it in

are you an electrical current? because you're a Q/T

hey girl, are you into pokemon? cause just a peek-at-chu make me wanna squirt-a-lil

are you music? cos after listening to you, my day becomes better

girl, you're like the earth cause you only get hotter day by day

if you and i were fruit... we'd make a pretty good pear 💕

roses are red, my heart's feeling blue... i had a bad day, it won't be anymore if i got to cuddle with you

were your parents drug dealers? because you're dope!

i wanna eat you out but....  you're so hot that my tongue will get burned

not gonna lie you're hot, so hot.... if you ate kernels you would shit popcorn

hey girl, are you corona virus? because you leave me breathless

roses are red, violets are blue my world goes black when i'm not with you

are you a cigarette? cos i can't quit you

hey girl, are you a bank loan? cause you have my interest

hey girl, are you a cigarette? because i wanna put your butt in my mouth

i'm not a sportsman  but me and you could touchdown later

mario is red, sonic is blue can i cum in you?

mario is red, sonic is blue will you be my player 2?

is your name summer? because you'll be cumming soon

i have a bad memory... and i forgot how to kiss, can you teach me?

i am currently learning bass guitar and i need to get better at fingering can i practice with you?

are you a black hole? because attraction grows and time distorts the closer i get to you

hey girl, are you murderer? because your looks can kill

are you a github respository? cause i wanna commit to you

are you the sun? because you light up my world

roses are red, my face is too. that only happens when i'm around you

do you have planet insurance? because i'm about to destroy uranus

girl, you're like the cold side of my pillow... cause i wanna bury my face in you

hey girl, call me pigeon cause i'm trying to drop something soft, white, and wet on your head later

Hey girl, are you the ratio of the hypotenuse and base with respect to angle C? Cause you're sec C

is your name medusa? cos i wanna seduce ya

is your name medusa? because the way you looked at me made me rock-hard

if baby shark can do do do then why can't we?

girl, are you stitches? cause i wanna take you out

boy: can you help me with the directions? girl: sure, to where? boy: to your heart

if i was an enzyme i would be DNA helicase... ...so i could unzip your jeans

hey, have you got a bandaid? because i scraped my knee falling for you

if i were a stop light, i’d turn red every time you passed by, just so i could stare at you for a bit longer.

hey girl, is your father a baker? cause you’re a cutiepie

are you from iran? because i’m so glad iranian to you!

hey girl, call the firefighters... cause it's gonna be lit when we're together 🔥

ok. im cum-ing.

u decide

do you have pet insurance? because i'm about to kill that pussy

you are so sweet... that looking at you gives me diabetes

fuck you

hey girl, are you a fuck? cause i don't wanna give you to anyone

your hand seems pretty heavy... let me hold it for you ❤

hey girl, are you hell? cause i'm definitely going down there

is your body mcdonald's? because, i'm lovin' it

hey, according to a recent study, letter U and I are the most common typos while texting because U and I are really close

tired of being an adult? then be my baby ❤

are you a trampoline? cause i'd love to bounce on you

do u know scientist have discovered the main reason for global warming? it's you

you are pretty and i am cute together we'd be pretty cute

are you nuclear fission? cause i want to impact with you and release some energy

are you french?  because eiffel for you

damn, are you nuclear fission? cos you got my reactor goin

hey girl, are you a coffin? cos i wanna be inside of you

hey girl, do u like discounts? because clothes are 100% off at my place

could you be here with me forever, ever, ever? would you be here with me forever, ever, ever?

hello, would you be my valentine? you're so beautiful, a miracle of design angels don't fall from the sky every day, so this must be a sign but if you choose to walk away, if you choose to decline just know after meeting you, my heart is no longer mine

ur so fuckin beautiful.... that i forgot my pickup line

i can't focus on driving the car when you're sitting next to me cos your face is too distracting

girl, you're like mountain dew... cause i wanna mount and do you

roses are red, they grow in the grass give me a chance & i'll cum in your ass

hey girl, are you trash can? cos i belong in you

hey girl, are you a test because every time i see you i say "fuck me!"

roses are red, you're smile is the most divine... i'm not good at rhyming so let's get to the bottom line, will you be my valentine?

you're like my blanket... cause i feel warm and cozy when you're around me

are you cinderella? cause i see that dress disappearing at midnight

are you history? cause i wanna go down on you

are you compressed file? cause i would like to unzip you

my favourite planet is pluto but i reckon it could be uranus if u let me explore it

are you medusa? because i get rock hard when i look at you

hey baby, are you twenty first chromosome cause i'm down for you

if we both were cats then i would spend all my 9 lives with you

good thing your eyes aren't the corona virus because i just caught them

i just took a DNA test turns out i'm 100% into you

are you my bed? cos i never wanna leave you

are you my homework? cause i'd slam you on my table and do you all night

sometimes people call me colgate... because 9/10 doctors recommend me to put in ur mouth

are you a baker? cos i knead you

your legs are like oreos... first i'd wanna twist them, then lick them and then dunk it in 💦

im like a roller coaster cos when youll ride me, im gonna make u scream so hard

hey girl, are you ladesh? cause i want to bangladesh

are you 'baby shark'? cos i wanna doo doo doo doo doo doo you

my pp is such a gentleman... it stands up so you have somewhere to sit down

I would say may God bless you... But it looks like He already did

you are so sweet! infact i would eat you rather than chocolates

are you a terrorist? cos i want you to blow me

Is your name Scooby? Cause i wanna Doo you

are you my phone? cos i love to turn you on

are you from MCU? cos you are marvel-ous

are you valentine's day card? cos i just wanna open you up and put all my love inside

roses are red, violets are fine will you be my valentine?

i'm not a hot stud and i don't have a six-pack... what i do have is a big heart, that'll love you to the moon and back 💖💕

boy: hey girl, do you like sleeping? girl: yeah boy: me too, we should try it together sometime

i would ask you to come to the movies with me... but they have a rule against bringing in snacc

roses are red, my life is going pretty bad but when i'm with you i don't feel sad

can you help me with a problem? 
it's x + u = 15 i think x must be 5 cause u sure are a 10

you might get a lot of compliments but i can be your complement

i didn't believe them when they said that the universe was infinite until i looked into your eyes

i don't normally eat food which is super hot, but i'd eat you

roses are red, violets are blue darling, i want to go down on you

my whole world changed the second i looked into your eyes

if i had a dollar for everytime you entered my mind i'd have one dollar, because you never left

my jokes are dry but i can make you wet

damn girl, are you asthma? cause you're breathtaking

roses are red, violets are blue you have no clue how much i love you

hey girl, are you an old sad memory? cos i can't get you out of my head

hey girl, are you believer? cause like the holy spirit, i'm gonna come in you

hey girl, you dropped this 👑

@annemarie

are you anne? cos i wanna marie you

are you a piece of rope? cause i'd love to hang with you

can we be nothing? because nothing seems to work out for me

can we be nothing? because nothing lasts forever

i wish you were my "life" cos my life is fucking me 24/7

are you my homework? because i'm not doing you right now and i probably should be

i wish i was a derivative so that i can lie tangent to your curves

hey girl, are you fridge? cos i'd love to put some meat into you

hey, can you hold this for me for a minute while i take a walk? *pull hand out of pocket and pretend to have something when they open their hand put yours in it and uncurl your fingers*

is your face from mcdonalds?  cause im loving it

are you the corona virus? cos you take my breath away

are you my geometry problem? because from this angle, you look a-cute

hey girl, are you kobe bryant? because you're a legend

if you were corona virus, then i'd love to go to china

i wanna share my happenis with you

roses are red, my life is a lie but when i'm with you, i do not want to die

are you asian? cos i'm china get into japanties...

i dont like ur shirt youd look better without it

it really sucks when life ramdomly decides to fuck you....... so why not let me do it instead?

i know life is unfair  but it wont matter if you'll be my pair

girl, your lips look so dry! want me to moisterize them?

if you look in a mirror you will see every reason why i fell in love with you

beauty has "u" but beautiful has "u" and "i"

are you suicidal thoughts? cos i can't get you out of my head

if your heart was a prison i’d like to be sentenced for life

i was feeling off today, but you definitely turned me on

if you were corona virus, i would move in china

remember me? oh i'm sorry how would you know me, we've met only in my dreams

my eyes met many eyes but only got lost in yours...

roses are red, violets are great pls sit on my face bcos i haven't ate

wanna watch porn on my mirror?

did you just lose an electron? because i find you positively attractive

i suck at reciting the alphabets because i am always missing u

are you  http? cos without you i'm just ://

i wish i were a balloon cos maybe then you'd blow me

on a scale of 0-100, you're 31... but don't worry, we'll work something out together for that 69

hey girl, anything you wanna get off your chest? preferably your clothes

are you a batch of cookies in the oven? because i can't wait to take you out

how do you pronounce your last name?? doesn't matter.... i'm gonna change it anyways...

are you the himalayas? because i want to see your nepals

Wanna be the Pixar Lamp to my "I"?

roses are red, violets are blue i wanna go to bed, with you

roses are red, violets are blue i'm sorry that i made this awkward, i just want to have a convo with you

Are you made of nickel, cerium, arsenic and sulfur? Cos you got a NiCe AsS

are you eminem's godzilla song? cos i don't understand ya, but i love ya!

i love chemistry as long as it's between you and me!

hey girl, are you hogwarts? cos i wanna get in to your chamber of secrets

hey do you know "the snack that smiles back?" look in the mirror and smile

are you from japan? cos i'm trying to get in japanties

hey, can i have your number? i've seem to lost mine

on a scale of 1 to 10, you are a 9 and i'm the only 1 you need

hey girl, are you a toaster? because i wanna take a bath with you

hey girl, your name is really hard to pronounce so, can i just call you mine instead?

knock knock who's there fuck fuck who? fuck me

are you eminem's new album? cos you're bomb

hey girl, are you nothing? cos nothing is perfect

roses are red, violets are blue just like ed sheeran, i'd also say "baby, the best part of me is you"

violets are blue, roses are red you must be good, at giving head

knock knock who's there? baby yoda baby yoda who? baby yoda one for me

hey girl, are you trash? cos i wanna take you out

hey girl, are you monday morning? because i'll never want to get out of bed when you're around

Roses are red, your eyes have a nice hue... God wanted to show us what true cuteness was, so he sent you

hey girl, are you sleep? cos i wanna do you all the time

hey, are you a factory before labor standards? because i wanna put a bunch of kids in you

roses are red, violets are blue fuck you

hey girl, are you an astromech droid? because you R2 good looking and you might even get the D2

would jimin-d going out with me tonight?

i think you lack vitamin D want me to give it to you?

Hey girl, are you Russia? Because i have somethin' to Putin you

the FBI wants to steal my penis... can i hide it inside you?

*pickup line for short girls* you've the perfect height, when we hug you can listen to my heart beat only for you

i love you so fuckin much! and i swear it's nath-a-lie.

is your ass from mcdonald's? cos i'm lovin' it!

roses are red, violets are blue i'm in love with the shape of you

are you a light? cos my world would be dark without you

would julia-ke to go out with me?

you're so-fia-king beautiful!

yu-ki-yoot & beautiful.

ali want is to be with you.

are you a magician? cos whenever i look at u, al-i-see is you, and everything else disappears.

you're so hot that even my zipper is falling for you

ur smile is so sweet, anet is the most beautiful thing ive ever seen. ❤

i wanna maria(marry ya).

yo-ne-t like other people. theres something so special about u. thats why im in love with u.

your good looks are kyle-ing me.

you're sa-ra....elly the most beautiful girl ive ever seen.

you're my lub........na-t just a simple person. 
will ya marry me?

i was sad, but when i saw ur face, my sadness go fara-way

youre the most cutest ana prettiest person ive ever seen.

Ola want is to be with you.

hey mona, im gona love you forever. will ya marry me?

amina love with you.

i-menna love with you.

aiman love with you.

will you be jas-mine?

hey neelima, i wanna do weelima with you.

you're so beautiful annie love you much! ❤

im fee-lyn like im in love with you.

i roy-lly love you much. will ya marry me?

you're sophie-king beautiful, will ya marry me?

woul-dew go out with me?

*PICKUP LINES BY NAME* reply with ur name or anybody's name, and i'll make a pickup line with it

hey, are you air pollution cos you're taking my breath away

are you australia? because you're super hot and not getting enough attention

you may be the only one i love now but in ten years i will love another girl she will call you mom

jesus can turn water into wine but i can turn you into mine

my deck of cards only has 51 cards... will you be my queen of hearts? 💞

roses are red, lemons are sour open your legs and give me one hour

are you the sun? cause you're the light of my life

are you a knife? because i want you inside of me

are you a spider? cos i'm nervous when you're around

are you australia? cause you're hot and i'd love to make you wet

hey girl, if i was a cat i'd spend all 9 lives with you 💕

do you wanna be a disney princess? come at my place, and i will make you moana

are you a chicken or an egg? either way, i want you to come first

hey girl, what's ur frequency? cos i wanna resonate with you

@lauvsongs

i like me better when i'm with you

twinkle twinkle little star come let's do it in my car

ayy girl, are you a rubik's cube? because fuck you, you stupid piece of shit

i don't think i'm a good kisser could you help me find out?

life without you is like broken pencil pointless

you're just like cancer you make my cells reproduce in the wrong way

are you a minecraft fence? cos i can't get over you

girl, are you a metal pole on antarctica? cos i wanna stick my tongue down on you

i don't care much about science but... can you show me uranus

are you a school? cos i wanna shoot kids inside of you

remind me to never play hide & seek with you because a person like you is impossible to find

are you a torch? because you light up my world

i would like to show you my world but i'm pretty sure you own a mirror

roses are red, you need to remember you are the reason i lost no nut november

fuck you

i would bring you to the movies... but they won’t let me bring a snack

hey girl, are you australia? cos you are flaming hot #bushfireaustralia

let's you and i make a human pyramid... you can be on top

if u were a painting i'd hold u up against the wall and nail you to it

girl, u like sales? because at my house clothes are 100% off

hey, wanna come over at my place? we can watch po*n on my 84 inch mirror

if being cute was a crime... you'd be on death row

i mean the world's falling apart you want to get some while we still can?

are you donald trump? cos fuck you

is your father/mother a terrorist? because you're the bomb!

#WWIll

Since ww3 is coming, can Iran into your heart?

are you shampoo? cos i'd like to give you a lot of head

are you the square root of -100 cause you're a 10 and too good to be real

can i get a smile... i like collecting everything precious ;)

hey girl, are justin bieber's new song? cos you're #yummy

my ears are cold... can i use ur thighs to warm them up?

hey girl, are you #WorldWarThree  cos i bet all the bois are fighting over winning you

hey girl, do u have a controller? cos i would love to turn you on

hey girl, are you a cigarette? because you’re smoking hot and i want your butt in my mouth

i wouldn't mind if you took one of my hoodies home it's a fair trade for me trying to steal your heart

damn girl, are you a sinusoidal plot? because your curve goes on forever

are you a bee? because you’re bee-autiful

hey, are you a volcano? cos i lava you

the year might be 2020 but i don’t need 2020 vision to see how cute you are

are you a rare steak because i’d still eat you if you were bleeding

idk if you experience this but there's a problem with my spotify like... i wonder why this week's hottest single is not you?

are you a terrorist?  cause i'm the bomb and i'm looking for someone to blow me..

ma'am, are you a parking ticket? cause you have gotten fine written all over you

girl, i wish i was a derivative..... so i could lie tangent to your curves

are you music? because you've never failed to cheer me up

i'd offer you a cigarette but you're smoking hot already

hey, are you newton? cos im the apple that fell for you

hey girl, are you the new year? because i think you're a solid 20/20

girl, did u drink redbull? because i think u just grew wings and flew into my heart

what does the new years ball and ur pants have in common? they're both dropping tonight 😏

hey girl, i want to exp-laura ur body.

are you the new year? because my love for is as clear as 20 20

do u like raisins? no? well, how do u feel about a date?

are you Iniesta? cos i wanna Andres for you..

are you a firefly? cos that ass is lit

are you a blanket? because i want you to lay on me in bed

i wish you were my sleep paralysis demon so that you could keep me up all night

are you a shower? because i want to sit next to you and start crying uncontrollably

love is a sensation, caused by temptation, to feel penetration, for a guy to stick his location, in a girls destination, to increase the population, for the next generation, do you get my explanation, or do you need a demonstration?

have you ever heard of an australian kiss? it's the same as a french kiss, but down under.

are you the ceiling? cos i'm a fan of you

you can call me earth... i want to be something that means the world to you

i wouldn't mind being a thief to steal a kiss from you

i would bring you to the movie theater but they don't allow snacks

hey girl, are you a variable? because i’m the 1, and i’ll always be there for you

no one wants to live forever but forever would be fine if it's with you

i don't play minecraft anymore because you're the only diamond i need

This is the police. you're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.

hey habiba, will you be my habibi?

your smile esra-elly beautiful. i'm in love with you.

mah-moud always gets happy, whenever i see you.

Mah-moud always gets changed from sad to happy, whenever i see you.

you're so a-mazen-g. i love you!

hey girl, what's ur last name? oh forget it. it doesn't matter. soon i'm gonna chan-ge it.

are you a magician? cos whenever i look at you. everything else disappears,
and all-i-ce is you.

will you hang out with me?

i don't want you to be fara-way from me. i want you close to me.

i wanna maria(marry ya).

you aaron my mind. all the time.

kan-a-si you and follow you? cos my mom always told me to follow my dreams.

*PICKUP LINES BY NAME* reply with ur name or anybody's name,  and i'll make a pickup line with it.

i hate doing my homework  but if you were my homework, i would do you all night

i'm not paralyzed i just seem to be struck by you

i couldn't choose between an angle or a star to put on the christmas tree, so i put a picture of you ;)

hey girl, are you retarded? because you seem pretty special to me!

i would burn every single damn chair in this world... so my face would be the last thing you sit on

i'm not drunk i'm just intoxicated by you

girl, you must be a torturer cos that ass is killing me

are you suicide? cos i think about you everyday

if you were a mermaid, could i be one of your starfish?

are you suicide? cos i wanna be committed to you

i must be dead because they said angels are only found in heaven

hi! get in the van.

roses are red, violets are fine i can be your six, wanna be my nine?

Merry Christmas everyone except you Marry me

i don't have 20/20 vision but, i could totally see us together in 2020

my lips ft. yours

i like my music loud and your moans even louder

wait.... i know you! you're the... prettiest girl i've ever seen in my entire life, how are you?

hey girl, do you like snakes? cos i'm gonna show you my anaconda

i'm jealous of the blue jeans that you're wearing the way they're holding you so tight

are you dementia? because i'll forget about everything else when i've got you

hey girl, are you from korea? because you sure look like my seoul mate

there's a mark on your dress you can't see it but it's A+

are you a trash bag? cos i want to take you out

me: hey girl, are you the Guinness World Record holder? she: for... me: for being the most beautiful girl in the world

say hi to me and say bye to ur family

hey girl, are you jewish? cause you israeli hot!

hey girl are you a garbage bag? because i want to put my junk in you

*lesbian pickup line* i wanna play rock, papers and specially scissors with you

did you know that the dictionary is wrong? the real definition of cute is you

roses are red, violets are twisted bend over you're about to get fisted

is your name ben? cos you're a ten

hey girl, it's time to pay rent you have been living in my heart for far too long

hey girl, call me an illegal migrant cos my dick is gonna find refuge in that ass tonight

i'd never ask you to netflix and chill i'm more of an IMAX and climax kind of guy

are you death? because i want you

do you want to be my CEO? because i need someone to take responsibility for the mistakes i'm going to make with you tonight

you must be my iron deficiency... cos i keep falling for you

are you a shot of whiskey? because you look like a bad decision i want to make over and over again

hey girl, are you a telescope? cos when i look in you i see our future

girl, are you a fortune teller? cos i can see my future in that ass

......R S T V W X Y Z  OH I THINK I DROPPED U IN THIS WHERE should I PICK U UP

can i cum inside... it's cold out here

hey girl, you must be the challenger space shuttle... because you’re gonna blow up when i break your seal

hey honey, if the answer is no... tell me now so i don't waste $50.00 on drinks

hey girl, are you a drug? because i want to do you

they say you are what you eat... that's why everyone calls me an ass

hey, girl. do you have breast cancer? cos dez tiddies are siiiick.

i can give you 10 seconds in heaven if you wanna call it heaven

hey baby, are you my computer cause you're hot and full of viruses i accidentally gave you ;)

you look very familiar... don't we have a class together? yeah, i'm pretty sure we have chemistry

if i flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head

i'm pretty sure i'm living in a simulation because there's no way a girl as perfect as you is real

roses are red, communism is great how 'bout we go on a date?

i lost 90% of my vision  now all i see is you and me together

i can't take you to the movies because then they'd arrest me for carrying a bomb

are you a christmas tree? cos i'm hooked on you

call me superglue cos holyshit i do get attached

i'm gonna need to start wearing sunglasses from now on cause you're so bright!

fuck you

hey i know it’s not my birthday but can i have some of that cake

soon there’ll be 7 planets because i’m gonna destroy uranus

he: there's twenty letters in the alphabet she: no there's 26 he: i forgot u r a q t she: that's 25 he: i'll give you the D later

are you a heart? because i want you pounding inside me

are you a warm shower? because you get me soaking wet, and i could stay here all day

you are my hoe my hoe-life

hey girl, are you a cop? cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway

sexcuse me. pls.

the sky is moody af but always pretty af, just like you

i heard you like video games... can i be your Nintenhoe?

i love my bed.... but i rather be in yours

are you lung cancer? cos you take my breath away

Ice Age teached us, that in order to break the ice you just have to push your nut deep inside so may i?

if a man in a red suit kidnappes you in the middle of the night don't be alarmed because i wished for you for christmas

are you an insta meme? cos i've seen you somewhere before

i wanna be on the top of the world will you be my world?

damn girl, are you magician? cos when i look at you, the rest of the world disappears

i lost my phone number can i have yours?

are you a catchy song? cos you get stuck in my head

i lost my virginity can i have yours?

are you a bank? cos i have a crippling amount of interest for you

i lost my teddy bear, will you sleep with me instead?

hey girl, are you a coffin? cos i'm dying to be inside you

roses are red, violets are blue  i have a gun, get in the van

it's nearly christmas... so will you be my gift this year?

hey girl, are you a computer? cause i wanna turn you on

you may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree.... but the best way to fall is.... in love with me

hey, are you a terrorist? because i want you to blow me

hey girl, i can sing my ABC's to you i'll give you an A because you're awesome, i'll give you a B because you're beautiful, i'll give you a C because you're cute, and i'll give you this D because you deserve it

hey girl, are you standards? because i don't have you, but i'd love to

hey! are you pickup lines? cos i'm always ready to use you

hey girl, if you jingle my bells i'll promise you a white christmas

are you frequency? cos it hertz when you leave

are you christmas? cos i can't wait for you to come

are you the night's sky? cos i want to admire your beauty all the time

are you a rubik's cube? cos even tho i might not know what i'm doing, i'm going to spend all of my time on you

there are approximately 1,010,300 words in english language but i could never string enough words together to properly express how beautiful you are

roses are red, lemons are sour, open your legs and give me one hour

roses are red, lemons are sour, open your legs and feel the power

hey girl, are you a gun? cos i want to end my life with you

her name ain't JOHN but i been in love since i CENA

i call my dick the dentist because i provide fillings

hey girl, if philematology is the science of kissing can we study at your place?

hey girl, are you @NASA's apollo mission? because i'll love you to the moon and back

i wish i was a toilet paper cos then i could touch ur butt

you may call me firefighter cos i find you hot and will leave you wet

i wanted to go see a movie with you but then i remembered we weren't allowed to bring snacks

are you a text from a close friend? cause i want to wake up to you everyday

are you pi? cos there's no end to your irrationality

i would call you beautiful but they say beauty is on the inside and i haven't been inside you yet

are you suicide?  cos i wanna do you

get in the trunk

wanna go on ate with me? dont worry i'll give you the D later

girl, do you smoke pot?  cos weed be cute together

I must be the nuclear reactor Because I need U

sorry, but i can only be with you twice that's now...... and forever

are you a blanket? cos i want you on top of me

damn girl do you have a mirror in your pocket cause i can see myself in your pants

are you a red stone torch? because you make my piston extend

hey girl are you a hong kong protester? because the thought of you being taken makes me nervous

i know you’re busy today
but can you add me to your to-do list

girl, i just wanna be inside.... the seventh planet away from the sun

Excuse me ma'am, do you happen to have any sulfur, plutonium and yttrium? because i need some PuSY

are you retarded? cos you look special to me

Not to make it obvious that i like you or anything But i'm really jealous of the FBI man that gets to watch you through your camera

if people were electronic mail... you would definitely be hotmail

7 billion smiles
and
only yours
pours life in me

i really wanted to touch you but they always say, don't touch the art

wanna watch some isney+ don't worry about the D, you'll get that later

he: i'm sure you have the most powerful super power she: which one? he: your smile melts anyone in one sec

if true beauty is on the inside then let me be inside of you baby, cos i wanna see

girl, were u brought up in a farm? cos you sure know how to raise cocks

are you a squirrel? cos i wanna give you my nut

i can't do magic.... but i can do you

my heart does a little "!" when i see you

can i be the helicase to your DNA, because i want to unzip your jeans

*spills water on lady*  i see you're quite wet, i tend to have that effect on women

do u have a map? cos i just keep getting lost in your eyes

God gave you everything... except my phone number

love is a chemical reaction and you're my catalyst

i wish you the best...... but im the best

kissing burns two calories per minute... we should work out sometime 😘

is your daddy a baker? cos you got a nice set of buns

i'd say god bless you, but it looks like..... he already did

are you a traumatizing experience? cos i can't get you out of my mind

if i were a red light, i'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so i could stare at you a little longer

he: hey girl, wanna play hide & seek? she: sure he: actually i can't  she: why not? he: cause a girl like you is really hard to find

roses are red, violets are blue you'll like it when, i'm inside of you

are you antarctica? cos i think you're really cool and i want you to stay that way

do you have a rope? i was hoping maybe we could hang together

hey, you want to have a threesome? cos i'm already getting fucked by life, but i know you will make it better

roses are red, you're like a trigger everytime i see you, my dong grows bigger

if a fat guy in a red dress and a white beard tries to kidnap you, don't you worry because i've asked you as a gift from santa

hey girl, are you an element? cos i think about you periodically

i'm writing my TO DO list can i include you?

are you NASA cos i want you to blow my rocket

are you √-1? cos you seem like the answer to all my negativity...

if baby shark can do do then why can't we?

roses are red, violets are blue you make my whole day better whenever i see you

i see trees of green, red roses too, i see them bloom for me & you what a wonderful world it is with you

roses are red, they grow in the grass give me a chance, and i'll cum in your ass

is your phone in your back pocket? cos that ass is calling me

if i had a garden i'd put my tulips and your tulips together

girl how you be lookin like a snack and expect me to not take a bite

are you my ambitions? cos i'll never quit on you

hey girl, are you a sharpie? cos you're looking ultra fine tonight

my love for you is so deep..... even the ocean is jealous

you're so hot...... even the sun is jealous

roses are red, my face is too this only happens when i'm with you

roses are red, violets are blue there's nothing in this world, more prettier than you

are you my pinky toe? cos i want to bang you on every furniture in my house

can we, be we?

your lips my lips apocalypse

roses are red, violets are blue i failed no nut november and that's just because of you

are you my bed? cos i want to be with you 24/7

hey girl, are you dinosaur? cos jurass-is-sick

roses are red, violets are blue you have no clue how much i love you

are you pool table? cos i'd love to put my balls inside your holes

you can be the 'i', and i'll be the pixar lamp

i know what you should be for halloween albert mine-stein

roses are red so come to my bed

i'd show you my world... but i'm pretty sure you own a mirror

hey i don't know if you're into toy story but i was wondering if you'd like a friend in you?

are you a gillette razor? cos you're the best a man can get

the hardest thing for me rightnow is to ask you out.... the second hardest is in my pants and we'll have to discuss that at a later time

i hope you like kids cos i wanna turn your throat into a daycare

hey babe, it's really cold mind if i use ur legs as earmuffs

i love every bone in your body... especially mine

if i'm a pain in your ass...... we can just add more lubricant

do you enjoy sales? because if you're looking for a good one, clothes are 100% off at my place

do u want to go to the moon? sit on my rocket, it'll take u up there

are u my phone? cos i can't take my eyes off you

hey girl, i'm not DJ khaled i'm not gonna say "another one", once you become mine

hey girl, i'm a gamer i'm gonna play with ur pussy

i like me better when i'm with you

are you a burger? cos i wanna get between those buns with my secret sauce

are u netflix? cos i can watch u all day

fuck you

wanna see magic trick? it's not raining outside...... but i can make you wet

i wanna punch you in the face softly with my lips

are you light? cos i wanna turn you on in the dark

are you light? cos you brighten my day

my mouth hurts, can you kiss it better?

do you know why they call me 'cat whisperer'? because i know what that pussy need

my love for you is like the stars during the day... you might not see it easily, but it exists infinitely

if you were drugs, then i'd be pablo escobar

do u have a camera? no? that's okay, i can still picture us together

are you pizza? cos i want a pizza your ass

the fact that women meet you on a daily basis and remain straight is a conclusive proof that sexuality is not a choice

are you calcium? cos you make my bone harder

will you be the lime water to my CO²? cos i wanna produce white precipitate in you

you should call me anesthetic cos i'll never let anything hurt you

are you from israel? cos you israeli cute

i don't know much about pies but you sure are a cute one

life's a theme park but you're the main attraction

you are art

not to be romantic or anything but i'm pretty sure entire galaxies would die for you

are you made of copper and tellurium? cos you are CuTe

your body is 65% water and i'm thirsty

i'm not a stalker but my eyes are addicted to you

hey, you should tie your shoelaces i don't want you falling for anyone else

how do you pronounce your last name?? doesn't matter....... i'm gonna change it anyways...

are you the square root of a negative number? because i can't believe you're real

if i had a dollar for everytime i thought of you i'd have $1, because i never stop thinking about you

hey girl, you're so hot that i can boil water on you

hey girl, are you dopamine? because you make my heart, beat faster!

if i am sin²x and you are cos²x then we can be 1

if i had a dollar for everytime i saw a girl as hot as you i'd be broke

are you a compressed file? cos i'd love to unzip you

hey, my doctor says... i'm lacking vitamin u

if being gorgeous was a crime, then you'd be the most wanted

he: do you have a twin? she: no he: then you must be the prettiest girl in the world

hey you like toy story, right?  so, woody mind if i take you out on a date?

those dms look smooth.. mind if i slip and slide into them?

are you pokémon? because i want to throw my balls at you

are you my headphones? cos i can't live without you

hey girl, are you sunday? cos i'm gonna think about you all week

hey, are you knife? cos i really want you inside me

he: i am a phrase and you are a sentence she: why he: because you complete me

are you a tweet? cos there's no way i can dis-like you

are your parents professional bakers? cos they sure made a cutiepie

are you today's date? cos you're 11/10

hey girl, are you suicidal thoughts? cos i can't get you out of my head

ohh..... you depressed? me too, mind if i suislide in your dms?

are you a calendar? cos i want a date

you're so hot from the outside, let me check if you're hot from the inside too or not

hey girl, you make me want to be a pirate because that booty will be my treasure

are you today's date? cos you're 10/10

i'm sure you don't need cardio cos you run through my mind every night

are you today's date? cos you're 9/10 and i'm the 1 you need

i'll eat you after the dinner cos you're the sweetest dessert i could find

i don't know what people call you but i think i'll call you later

are you my house? cos whenever i'm outside of you i always think about getting inside of you

when they say god made so many beautiful things, they are probably thinking of you

i don't have a pillow, mind if i use ur boobs as a pillow?

do you like harry potter because you can slytherin my bed

Even if the earth had no gravity, i'd still fall for you

No one knows what the future holds in store, but i hope in my future i'm holding you

i would like to tell you that you are beautiful but beauty is on the inside and i haven't been inside you yet

is your name john? cos i've never cena a girl like you before

are you a hug cos you're all i need rightnow

are you 'joker' movie cos you're 10/10

your eyes are so beautiful that i forgot my pickup line

your tits are so beautiful that i forgot my pickup line

hey girl, are you five days into the future? cos you're a 10/10

you know that humans need 3 hugs a day to survive.. will you fill my daily quota?

i like my salad just like how i like you no dressing

my bed is pretty squeaky, wanna come over and test how loud it can get?

hey girl, my pecker is unemployed do you have an opening?

i like my salad just like how i like you no dressing

hey miss, let me wipe that seat for you *wipes face*

hey girl, are you earth? cos some people might say you're flat, but deep down we all know you have amazing curves

hey girl, if i flip a coin what's the chance of me getting head?

hey girl, are you water bottle? cos i'm thirsty

is your name coca cola? cos you look soda-licious

roses are red, violets are VIOLET my heart is a plane, and you are the pilot

are you a blanket? cos i want you on me

are you black hole? cos i want you to suck me in

are you black hole? cos you're pulling me towards you

hey girl, have you been flying lately? cos that ass is first class ;)

you look nothing like my handwriting but you do look like my type

are you a trash can? because i am trash, and i need to be inside of you..

Roses are red, violets are blue DaVinci painted Mona, cause he couldn't find you

we're not socks. but i think... we'd make a great pair

hey! what's that thing all over your face? oh! it's beauty

are you a rack of ribs? cos you're barbacute

are you anxiety? cos you're always in my mind

are you a rope? cos i wanna hang with you

your body has 206 bones want one more?

guess what i'm wearing the smile you gave me :)

kiss me if i'm wrong.. but the sun sets in the east, right?

have i taken a loan from you? cos, my interest in you is increasing

i searched for "beautiful" on google maps and it lead me to you

did you flip a switch? because you turned me on

are you a lawyer? because you're the proseCUTEST

are you a spray bottle? cos i could make you squirt with one finger

hey girl, are you a map? cos i'm lost without you

did you invent the airplane? cause you seem Wright for me

hey girl, are you a genie's lamp?  because i really want to rub you rightnow

are you a microwave? cos mmmmmmmmmmm

he: remember me?  she: no he: oh right! i forgot. i only met you in my dreams

you are like my asthma, you just....... take my breath away

if you were the wind, i'd want to be a kite that way you would blow me

you can call me a rubik's cube because when you play with me i get harder

i lost my future girlfriend's phone number i think you might have it

are you in astronomy? cos i am trying to make it to uranus

my facebook page is blocked till 21 sep.
so..... i'm just gonna post here

<3.1415926

my love for you is like pi it's never ending

ey girl, are you bed? cos i love you

tie your shoelaces i don't want you to fall for anybody else

is your name ladesh? cos i want to bangladesh

girl, i'm jealous of your shirt cos it's wrapped around you and i'm not

you feeling down? let me go down, maybe then you'll feel better

i like 25 letters of the alphabet but i love u

are you my math test? cos i'm gonna fuck you up

are you my life? because i want to fuck you up

are you my glasses? cos i can't take my eyes off you..

are you a scientist? cos i lab you

are you the void? cos i keep falling into you

hey girl! halloween is around the corner would u mind dressing up as my girlfriend this season?

i'm a magician if you want to see i can turn you from virgin to a pregnant lady

hey girl, are you a bathtub? cos i want get naked, get inside of you and then get all wet

hey girl, are you a slide? cos i want to go down on you

you legs are like oreos i just wanna split them and eat the good stuff in the middle

me without you is like: a shoe without laces
a geek without braces
and asentencewithoutspaces

are you a spy? cos i bet you'd perform well under-covers

babe, you turn my software into hardware

are you microwave? cos you'd be loud af when i turn you on at night

you are going to give me diabetes cos you're so sweet

are you a vibrating atom? cos you're hot

*if you both see a shooting star* i would make a wish but you already came true

i hope you have planet insurance cos i'm about to destroy uranus

are you parking ticket? cos you've got fine written all over you

stay safe because i like being alive at the same time as you

damn girl, are you coffin? cos i really wanna be inside you

now that my eX is out of the equation i'm trying to find Y you're not with me

are you my 3am thoughts? cos i can't get you out of my head

are you a cat? bcos i feel like a cat, i want to be inside you

are you a banana? bcos i find you ap-peel-ing

let's fuck in an art gallery i mean you deserve to be pinned up against a wall you are a masterpiece

damn girl, are you my bed? cos i wish i could be with you all the time

they say nobody's perfect.... does your name happen to be nobody?

if i asked you out on a date, would your answer be the same as your answer to this question?

baby do you have a license? cos you're driving me crazy

 pic.twitter.com/wcUkz5k0km

could you get your parent's autograph for me? because i'm a huge fan of their work!

where i can find a bakery to get a cutie pie like you?

hey girl, are you my enemy? cos you know what they say, keep your friends close and your enemies closer

do you want to eat something, my mom made?

i'll buy you food but you have to let me eat you afterwards

hey girl, are you my enemy? because you know what they say, keep your friends close but your enemies closer

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 whoops it seems like i dropped my 10, where do i pick you up at?

your boobs look heavy, let me hold them for you

pizza isn't the only thing i like to eat in bed

are you a tweet? cos there's no way i can dislike you

i smile when i think of you

roses are red, grass is green i like your legs, what's in between?

are you a horse? cos i wanna ride you

kiss me so i can find out if you taste as good as you look

yeah i have netflix but i'd rather watch you the whole night

hey there! can i get some directions? because i think i got lost in your eyes

hey girl, are you cinderella? just thought because your dress is going to disappear at midnight

your body is a wonderland & i reeaallllyyyy want to be alice

hey, are you my GPA? cos i'm going to fuck you up all year

i am afraid of the dark will you sleep with me tonight?

wanna hear me do the alphabet? A B C D E F G R U D T F with me?

are you a glass ketchup bottle? because i'm gonna bang you for a while at the kitchen table

hey, are you spy? cos i think you would perform well undercovers

my magic watch says that you are not wearing any underwear *a moment of silence* oh you are wearing it. it must be ten mins fast

can i borrow a kiss?  i promise i will give it back

hey, did it hurt when you fell from that vending machine? cos you are a snack

yes, i'm G. A. Y. Gonna Ask You out

hey girl, are you suicide? cos i comtemplate doing you every night

are you a gamer girl? cos i want you to play with my joystick

she: fuck you me: when? xD

if i had a star for every time you brightened my day, i would be holding a galaxy

are you a drum? cos i want to bang you with my stick

i blame you for global warming, cos your hotness is too much for this planet to handle

let's play titanic, you be the iceberg and i go down

i'm looking for a STUD i already have the STD and all i need is U

they say i'm a firefighter because i find them hot and leave them wet

roses are red, apples are green you're the most beautiful person i've ever seen

if looks could kill, then you would be worse than hitler

if looks could kill, you would be the goddess of death

you? one in a million? more like one in 7.5 billion

see that yellow ball on the sky? it's almost as hot as you

your name is worth 7 points in scrabble which surprised me because you're definitely a 10

i love you so much that sometimes i hold my pee while we're messaging each other

i don't usually eat food which is super hot, but i will eat you

do you like sleeping? me, too. we should do it together sometime.

if you think honey is the sweetest thing, it might be because you haven't tasted me

are you suicide? cos you're always on my mind

do you drink coke? cos you're so-da-licious

you're that "nothing" when people ask me what i'm thinking about

you can't be my first, but you can be my last

are you a messy room? because i'm coming up with some creative and new stuff to do to you

i love your eyes
but i love mine more
because without them, i couldn't see you

are you a salary? cos i want it everyday

he: what is your dream? she: kissing in the rain. and your? he: that raining now

i'm no electrician, but i can light up your day

your body is 70% water and i'm thirsty

everything in your life seems to be fucking you over right now why don't i join in?

your clothes are making me uncomfortable, pls take them off

you like clothes?  then you should've come to my place, cos they're 100% off at my place

i may be not good at dancing...... but i can tangle with with you all night long

roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when i'm around you

can we, be we?

if you were a device you would a calCUTElater

life without you...... is a like broken pencil........ pointless

are you my universe? cos i wanna BIG BANG into you

i sleep better when you’re the last person i talk to

if you wake up in a closed red room with no windows or doors, don't panic it's my heart

are you 'me'? cos i can't stop thinking about you at night

i'm a magician, and i'm about to make your virginity DISAPPEAR!

hey, are you stairs to the fifth floor? cos you're taking my breath away

are you some stupid thing i did at the age of 13 and can't forget? because thinking about you keeps me awake at night

if a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you are

i'm going to have to report spotify.. cos i didn't see you in my hottest singles last week

i wish i could take you to the movies but they won't let me bring my own snack

you can call me mufasa cos i really want to lion you

are you a mountain? cos i wanna get on top of you

are you my will to live? because i miss having you around

i wanna do dirty things with you like farming

you must be a high test score... because i want to take you home and show you to my mother

are you a minecraft fence? cos i can't get over you

roses are red, violets are blue i didn't know what perfect was until i met you

 pic.twitter.com/qqkOUFqXmG

if you were my waitress i wouldn't just give you a tip, i'd give you the whole thing

Taking it to the next level.. pic.twitter.com/1oU3FiWnqn

if i got a dollar for everytime i thought of you i'd have only one because you never left my mind

hey girl are you a rope? cos i wanna hang with you tonight

i'm no organ donor but i'd be happy to give you my heart

are you from china? cos i'm china get your number

forget about superman, spiderman and batman...... i'll be your man

do you work at KFC? cos you're finger licking good!

are you a keyboard? cos you are my type

my mom thinks i'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?

can i tie your shoelaces? because i can't have you fall for anyone else

your lips look so lonely...... would they like to meet mine?

want to know what i'm wearing? the smile you gave me

are you a blanket? cos i want you on top of me in bed

are you a video game? cos i wanna play with you all night

can i stick my straw into your juice box?

did you grow up on a chicken farm? bcos you sure know how to raise a cock

if i had a dollar for everytime you're in my head i'll have none, cos you went straight to my heart

hey girl are you from hell? cos you are hotter than the devil

if i were your gardener i'd put your tulips and my tulips together

i'm jealous of your heart, cos it's inside you and i'm not

i 🐝🍃 in you.

hey are you my appendix? cos i'm not completely sure how you work but i have this weird feeling in my gut that makes me wanna take you out

i would buy you a drink, but i'll be jealous of the glass

if you were my homework, i'd do it everyday

you're under arrest for disturbing the peace in my pants

are you a coconut? cos i wanna smash you till some white stuff comes out

jesus can turn water into wine but i can turn you into mine

are you a drum? cos i wanna bang you so hard

are you trash? cos i wanna take you out

hey girl, are you death? because i hope you come for me soon

hey girl, are you death?  because anything i do.... i will someday end up with you

hey girl, are you death? cos you're breathtaking

damn girl, are you honey? cos you're sweet and THICC

my love for you is like stars during the day... you might not see it easily, but it exists infinitely

can i give you a kiss? if you don't like it you can return it

being with you is like......... listening to my favorite song

what's the difference between you and an alarm clock? i'd enjoy waking up to you

there are so many types of art but you are my favorite

roses are red, violets are blue there's nothing in this world prettier than you

roses are red, my life is crappy whenever i see you i feel so freaking happy

roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when i'm with you

roses are red, violet are blue i'm not that pretty but damn look at you

are you mathematician? because i 1, 2, 1/2, 6 with you

are you the earth? bcos you are getting progressively hotter

if u feel like you don't belong anywhere, it is because u belong with me, u sad cutipie

are you a compressed file?  cos i'd love to unzip you

are you from area 51? it's because your beauty is out of this world

love is hard, so is writing but when i think of a world without you it becomes very unexciting

you can call me food because, trust me you need me inside you

you should pay me rent for staying in my heart all day

are you french? because Eiffel for you

are you my laptop? cos i think i'll be with you all night

please visit me when i die so my heart can start beating again

hey, don't you have a home? cos you keep staying in my heart

are you the sun? cos you bright up my day

hey girl, are you a pillow? cos i wanna flip you over and dig my face in you

tweet

the only thing more contagious than covid-19 is your smile

covid-19 cases aren't the only thing that's rising

i've got 1-ply i've got 2-ply but all i really want is your re-ply

you can't spell quarantine without u r a q t

are you covid-19 because you take my breath away

is that hand sanitizer in your pocket or are you just happy to be within 6 feet of me

if covid-19 doesn't take you out can i

is your dad a preacher cause you're a blessing

if i had a star for every time you brightened my day, i'd have a galaxy in my hand

are your eyes ikea because i'm lost in them

if you were a steak you'd be well done

are you being a ghost for halloween, or are you just my boo?

know what i'm going to be for halloween? yours

are you a volcano because i lava you

are you tuna sub spelt backwards because i wanna bus a nut

are you chapstick because you're da balm

do you like reptiles because iguana be with you

are you australian because you meet all of my koalafications

do you like harry potter because i adumbledore you

i'm no photographer but i can picture us together

if i were an enzyme i'd be DNA helicase so i could unzip your genes

are you wifi because i'm feeling a connection

do you believe in love at first sight or should i walk by again

do you have 11 protons because you're sodium fine

so do you have a name or can i call you mine

did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine cause you're a snack

now that it’s october does that make you my boo?

if nothing lasts forever will you be my nothing

you have something on your ass my eyes

are you coffee because i've bean thinking about you a latte

are you my pinky toe because i'll bang you on all my furniture

do you like cats because i'm feline a connection between us

know what's on the menu? me-n-u

can i tie your shoes because i don't want you falling for anyone else

are you italian because i want a pizza that ass

your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you

are you from korea because i think you're my seoul mate

can i sneak you into the movies because you’re a snack

call me shrek because i'm head ogre heels for you

are you a campfire because you're hot and i want s'more

if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber

are you netflix because i could watch you for hours

are you a 90° angle because you're looking right to me

my doctor says i'm lacking vitamin u

are you garbage because i want to take you out

are you a bank loan because you got my interest

are you a tower because eiffel for you

did you read dr seuss as a kid because green eggs and damn

do you like mexican because I'll wrap you in my arms and make you my baerito

if you were a flower you'd be a damnnndelion

do you like mexican because I'll wrap you in my arms and make you my baerito

Are you from Holland? Because amsterdayyyuuumm.

Let's be nothing because nothing lasts forever.

do you like yoga? cause yoganna love this dick.

are you a banana because I find you a peeling

I will love you til a mute man tells his deaf friend about a blind man that saw a guy with no legs walking on water.

I'm sorry, I forgot your name. Can I just call you mine?

are you jewish because you israeli hot

Your body is 70% water and I’m thirsty.

Are you a magician? Because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.

are you chocolate pudding because I want to spoon you

are you from Korea because I think you're my Seoul mate

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

if I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent... cause you never leave my mind.

boy: I want to be a super hero. guess what I want my name to be. girl: superman? batman? spiderman? boy: no, yourman.

Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.

Are you my homework? Cause I'm not doing you but I definitely should be.

are you mexican because you're my juan and only

is your name ariel because i think we mermaid for each other

taking the game to a whole new level... pic.twitter.com/ddyTZXHv6L

did you read dr seuss as a kid because green eggs and damn

do you smoke pot because weed be cute together

do you like star wars because yoda one for me

do you like cats because take meowt on a date

are you from starbucks because i like you a latte

do you like harry potter because i adumbledore you

do you like science cause i've got my ion you

if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple

Do you like pizza? Cause I want a pizza dat ass.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.

Baby you can call me Nemo, cause I’m never afraid to touch the butt.

Baby are you a beaver? Cause dam.

@iSwagLOL done your turn favs !

@WhoaNicolee done 3 your turn favs!

@iGorgeousQuotes done :)

The next 20 people to follow @iAbuseHoes & @iCudGivATityFuk will get a SOLO shoutout to over 20K !! They can help you gain INSTANTLY!

@TheQuotingSlut done too :)

@WhoaNicolee @TheQuotingSlut @Hehe_quotes @iTweetSmile @TeamBreezyJB @HYFRyolo @SheGetSoFly @SimplyForGurls @iGorgeousQuotes 3/3RT favs?

@JustGirlTalk done :)

@AdmirinKidrauhl 5/2?

@Bieber_Beauty 5/2?

@CallMeCharlece @SpeakingMale 4 done, your turn favs

tweet

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

She/He says: "Hold on"

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

You’re so cute it’s distracting!

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Be unique and different, say yes.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

She/He says: "Hold on"

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.

I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

I didn't know that angels could fly so low!

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

When God made you, he was showing off.

Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

Be unique and different, say yes.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

On The Phone

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

How was heaven when you left it?

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

On The Phone

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

You are the reason men fall in love.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

On The Phone

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

You should be someone's wife.

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

You are the reason men fall in love.

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?

Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.

Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.

I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'

I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.

I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

What time do you have to be back in heaven?

You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

When God made you, he was showing off.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.

Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.

You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

Where do you hide your wings?

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

I could use some spare change and you're a dime.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.

I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

You’re so cute it’s distracting!

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.

Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.

Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

On The Phone

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

How was heaven when you left it?

So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!

Where do you hide your wings?

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

You’re my favorite weakness.

I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

On The Phone

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

When God made you, he was showing off.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

Be unique and different, say yes.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.

You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

When God made you, he was showing off.

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Be unique and different, say yes.

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.

I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

When God made you, he was showing off.

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

You’re so cute it’s distracting!

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.

You’re my favorite weakness.

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

When God made you, he was showing off.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

She/He says: "Hold on"

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

I didn't know that angels could fly so low!

Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

You’re so cute it’s distracting!

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

You’re my favorite weakness.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.

Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

She/He says: "Hold on"

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

Where do you hide your wings?

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.

Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.

You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

You are the reason men fall in love.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

You should be someone's wife.

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

How was heaven when you left it?

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Where do you hide your wings?

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

She/He says: "Hold on"

Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.

You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

On The Phone

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

She/He says: "Hold on"

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

She/He says: "Hold on"

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.

Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

How was heaven when you left it?

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.

You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.

If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you .

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

She/He says: "Hold on"

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.

Is it hot in here or is it just you?

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.

If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

You should be someone's wife.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.

Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.

On The Phone

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!

Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.

You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.

Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.

You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.

Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?

(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?

I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.

Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.

Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!

You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart

Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.

How was heaven when you left it?

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?

Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!

[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Did you fart, cause you blew me away.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!

You look beautiful today, just like every other day.

Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.

Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

You don't need keys to drive me crazy.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.

You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

You're hotter than donut grease.

Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.

Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.

I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Where do you hide your wings?

You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?

Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.

Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.

I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?

You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?

Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect

Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?

I didn't know that angels could fly so low!

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.

Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.

Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.

I don't know you, but I think I love you already.

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces

Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.

It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.

If you were a steak you would be well done.

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).

People call me John, but you can call me tonight.

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.

You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.

Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!

Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?

Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.

You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

If you were a steak you would be well done.

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.

I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.

Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!

Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.

You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!

Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!

If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.

How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!

If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!

Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?

Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!

Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!

You should be someone's wife.

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!

Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?

When God made you, he was showing off.

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.

If you were a steak you would be well done.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.

Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.

You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.

Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?

Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.

Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.

When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.

I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.

Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.

Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.

(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.

You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.

Where do you hide your wings?

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.

Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?

Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!

Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.

I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.

Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.

So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.

I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?

Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.

Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest

Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.

Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.

Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!

Where do you hide your wings?

I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen

Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?

Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.

You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.

Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!

You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling

Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?

Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.

They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle

Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.

You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?

You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.

You’re my favorite weakness.

I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!

I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.

I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.

If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?

Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?

Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.

If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?

What's on the menu? Me-n-U

You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?

How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.

This time next year let’s be laughing together.

I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.

I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.

Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!

I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".

Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"

Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.

Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.

You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.

Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Boy: Babe, you wanna play a game?
Girl: "What game?"
Boy: Not hide n seek!
Girl: "Why?"
Boy: Because its impossible to find a girl like you!

Wanna go Pokemon hunting tonight? Cause I wanna catch a pikachu (peek-at-chu)! pic.twitter.com/gOLOMJkaZD

Man: "Hi! Didn't we go on a date once? Or was it twice?"
Woman: "Maybe once. I never make the same mistake twice!"

If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole! 
#LeapDay

Gurl, If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
#PresidentsDay

How about I take you home...... pic.twitter.com/ffAF2VUhBw

You don't have to wait until midnight to see my balls drop. #NewYearsEve

My dick is like catnip,  it'll make a cougar like you go wild

Your legs are like an Oreo cookie, I want to spread them and eat the good stuff in the middle.

Hi, I would like to introduce my Crouching Tiger to your Hidden Dragon.

If I was a plant you'd make my roots extend.

Baby, you're like an onion. I want to peel you til I'm crying in pain and caramelize you til I can taste all your sugars.

I hope your a plumber, cause you got my pipe leaking.

Do you have a map, because I want to find my way into your pants.

I like my women, like I like my coffee.... full of cream.

My mom told me that life is like a deck of cards, so you must be the queen of hearts.

I'm a necrophiliac. How good are you at playing dead? #Halloween

Are you constipated? Cause I'd fuck the shit out of you.

Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
What will it take to Snapchat your Boobs.

Just call me baby, cause I wanna be inside you for the next 9 months.

Do you like Krispy Kreme,  cause I'm gonna glaze your donut.

Are you a ghost ‘cause your boo-ty is out of sight.

Can I have a waffle cone and 2 scoops of you?

Damn girl, the only thing more perfect than your eyes is that ass.

I might be allergic to nuts, but there's no way you are.

Mario is Red.
Sonic is Blue.
Press Start to join and be my player 2.

I call my dick Notorious, cause its B.I.G.

They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what your pussy needs.

Are you a bad girl, cause I'd discipline the fuck out of you.

Wanna play Tic Tac Toe, I'll shove a tic tac up your pussy and try to give you 3 O's in a row.

I hope your into yoga cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.

I like my women, like I like my ice cream fat free and dripping down my fingers.

I might not be Mormon, but I'm MoreMan than you've ever seen.

Baby, if you were an elevator, what button would I have to push to get you to go down.

Are you craving Pizza?  ‘Cause I’d love to get a pizz-a you.

Is your name Autumn, cause I'll fuck you so hard all your leaves will fall off.

"Is your name Grace? Because you're amazing."

How about I wrap you in my arms and make you my baerito.

Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.

Do you mix concrete? Cause your makin me hard.

Want to come over and play telephone? I've got the long string and you clearly have the cans.

Is your name Molly, cause your making me overdose.

If you were a pizza, I would take all the toppings off.

I don't know much about American football, but I love looking at your tight end.

Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.

Gurl are you Hailey cuz you so slim and so shady

Girl, you're the first thing I've seen at this restaurant that I want to put in my mouth.

Take off all your clothes, I've always wondered where Angels hide their wings

You remind me of a magnet, cause you sure are attractive.

I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.

Did you sit in Frosted Flakes??? Because that ass is GRRRRREAT!

If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the midnight sky would soon be empty.

Hey. Want to go back to my place and build some Ikea furniture?

Damn girl, the only thing more perfect than your eyes is that ass.

If you were a disease from 2009, you'd be the Fine Flu.

Your mom must have been a baker Because you got some hot buns. @JenSelter

You can call me FedEx because I've got a big package with your name on it.

"I used to waste time chasing butterflies , but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach." #AwkwardPickupLines

Are you a bunny? Because you hopped your way into my heart.

Ay girl, am I ice water? because i want to be all over you. #ALSIceBucketChallenge

Rejecting Pick Up Lines :  Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants."  Girl: "No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

You’re like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.

You remind me of my appendix. I don't know you, but something inside me is saying I should take you out.

If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I'd only have a dollar because you never leave my mind.

Girl I am hung like a jury, So you know I'll get you off

I was gonna say something really sweet about you but when I saw you I was speechless.

Are those space pants? Because your ass is taking up a lot of room. @JenSelter pic.twitter.com/XxvZ8tl6qD

Hey Girl If you were a book then I wouldn't be able to read you, cause your print is so fine.

I'm not a big fan of your last name but don't worry, I can change that.

Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day?

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

10 Things...... pic.twitter.com/M7wYrQrny9

I hear your thirsty? Well I've got a six pack right here!

You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial

We must be near an airport, because my heart just took off when I saw you!

Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda. Life would be feta if we were togetha. We'll be grate.

Girl are you my phone? pic.twitter.com/DumAKP8a4Q

Babe, your cuter than a puppy at an animal shelter, Cuz i want to take you home!

Boy if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.

We're not socks. 
But I think we'd make a great pair.

How about your red phosphorus coating and my short stick get together? Cuz its obvious we're a match.

Hey babe, do you know how to drive?  cause I would love to ride

Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual.

Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

"Bae in my mind, you're always trending."

I'm no meteorologist, but you can expect more than a couple inches from me tonight.

Let me be a chicken nugget.
and take a dip in yo sauce.

Are you a thrift shop? Cuz yo tags aren't the only thing I'll be popping.

Call me Mountain Dew,  'cause when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast.

I bet you play soccer because you're a keeper. #GERvsBRA #WorldCup

Damn girl is your ass a hashtag? Cause I wanna pound it.

My five favorite letters of the alphabet are U R A Q T.

How about I teach you about firefighting by letting you slide down my pole

Hey girl, are you from Japan? pic.twitter.com/lUCz6MwEpP

the only crime i will ever commit is stealing your heart

On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?

If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine

Me: Wanna go out?
Girl: I have a boyfriend.
Me: It's just like soccer, a goalie doesnt mean you cant score.
Girl: My boyfriend is Tim Howard

Girl did you sit in a pile of sugar?  Cause you gotta pretty sweet ass..

Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?

Just like the weather, you're kinda hot.

They say dating is a numbers game...... so can I get your number?

You know what's so so fine? read the first word again

Hey gurl, are you a cigarette,  because you've got a hot butt.

I'm not a photographer,  but I can picture us together.

You look like a big bowl of ice cream,  cause I just want to spoon you.

Bae, if you were a fruit, you'd be a fineeeeapple.

Girl, if you were a flower, you'd be a damnnnnnndelion.

Knock knock.
Who's there? 
Emerson.
Emerson who? 
Emerson nice titties.

Bae, you are an artistic masterpiece, cause I want to nail you against the wall.

If beauty where measured in time you'd be an eternity

Girl, your booty makes me want to study asstronomy.

Guy at bar: "You're so hot" Girl: "Have another drink, I get even better looking"

I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.

Are you a campfire? Cause you're hot and I want s'more

Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me

I'm no organ donor, but I'd be happy to give you my heart.

Can you call a lifeguard? Because I’m drowning in your eyes...

On a scale from 1-10 you're a 9, and i'm the one you need

I heard you like math, so what's the sum of U+Me

Babe, are you an elevator? Because i want to go down on you.

You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.

You don't need a bodyguard, you need a 'bootyguard'

If four plus four equals eight,  then me plus you equals fate.

Boy: Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....  Girl: Why?  Boy: Cause I want to take your top off.

Look King Kong why don't you take your 1990s pick up lines and climb all the way to the top of the Empire State Building #RejectionLines

My ex-boyfriend died doing what he loved: using cheesy pick up lines on my friends.

Hey can I follow you home?  ("What?")  "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

You smell like trash.. Can I take you out

You have an ass like the North Star.......  Wise men will follow it.

Here let me tie your shoe, I don't want you falling for anyone else

"You wanna go skinny dipping... in my water bed?"

You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.

Can I borrow your cellphone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!

I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?

I'm lactose intolerant so please keep your cheesy pick up lines away from me.

"If you were a washing machine, I would put my dirty load inside you."

Are you from the ghetto? Cause I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.

Do you like yoga? Cause yoganna love this dick

@JenSelter whoa girl where you going? The national booty convention?

Hi, you can call me Spider-Man cause i'll shoot my white stuff all over you.

"Is Your Father A Boxer? Cause Your A KNOCKOUT!"

Is your daddy a Pastor? Cause that body is preachhhing to the choir.

If I hired 1,000 artists and made them work for 100 years they still wouldn't be able to paint a picture that is as beautiful as you.

Are you a drum? cause i'd bang you

It doesn’t take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I would be overqualified.

If your were a stamp, I'd lick your backside and send you to funkytown.

Boy: "Can you tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes?" 
Girl : "How about, you tell your boxers it's rude to point"

Hey baby, I'm trying to put my ranch in ur hidden valley

“Do you smoke pot?... Cause weed be cute together”

Do you smoke weed? Cause I juana be with you.

Boy: "Do you want a kiss?" 
Girl: "No!" 
Boy: "Do you remember what I just said?" 
Girl: "Do you want a kiss?" 
Boy: "Yes, if you insist.."

Your body has a side view, rear view, and what else? I loview.

I <3 pick up trucks not pick up lines

"You must be a doughnut, baby, 'cause you make my jelly roll!"

"Do you like cats cause you can take meowt on a date."

"How about you let me put my Malcolm in your middle."

I love my bed, but I'd rather be in yours.

I'd hide every chair in the world just so you'd have to sit on my face.

Is your name Ariel? Because I think we mermaid for each other!

I'm studying to be a Taxidermist. Can I practice stuffing your pussy?

Boy, are you the tiger from the Frosted Flakes box? Because you’re looking "Grrrrreat!"

Were you conceived on a sofa? 
Cause you are sofacking fine.

Liquor is not the only hard thing around here.

One, two, three, four, I declare a tongue war.

Boy: Close your eyes.
Girl: K
Boy: What do you see?
Girl: Nothin.
Boy: That's my life without you.

Do your parents compose classical music? Cause baby got Bach!

Let's play breathalyzer! You blow me as hard as you can, and I will tell you how drunk you are!

"Hey baby, I'll do you so well the NEIGHBORS will be having a cigarette when we're done."

According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.

Do you work at Dicks? Cuz your sporting the goods!

"Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!"

"Are you a Doctor? Because you just cured my erectile dysfunction."

Baby I last longer than a white crayon.

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it you got your beauty sleep.

I like my women like I like my doughnuts... HOT and HOLY!

You eat Ramen Noodles? Well I'll be Rammin my noodle in you later.

If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you. #MarchMadness

Guy: "Wanna hear a joke?" 
Girl: "No thanks, I'm already looking at one." #RejectingPickUpLines

We're like a 4-Leaf clover. You're the C and I'm the R, and there's love in between us. #StPatricksDay

Boy: "Do you see my good looking friend over there?"
Girl: "Yeah"
Boy: "Do you mind if I hang out with you instead?"

I hope you have a sewing machine, cause im gonna tear dat ass up

I don't want to seem forward, I'm not making a pass, but if you were Wednesday I would hump your sexy little ass.

Is your mom the lottery lady on TV, because I’m picturing you holding up my balls. #megamillions

I need a dollar but I only have 90 cents...... do you want to be my dime?

Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods.

We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows; You're hot and I wanna be on top of you

Is your name Crimea? Because there's a political uprising in my pants.

Are You from Canada because I wanna Can of Dat ass.

Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls.

Are you from the Philippines? Because I wanna Phil you with my penis.

Your heart stops when you sneeze. Kind of like what happens when I think of you.

"Girl if You Were A Dodge truck, I'd Ram You."

On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9...... And I'm the 1 you need.

My lips and your lips should get together and have a play date.

"I bet your kiss tastes just like my favorite candy, I want you now and later."

Baby I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco but, I sure will spice up your night.

“I’m like a sexual snowflake. Each night with me is a unique experience.”

Roses are red, the sun is gold, get on your knees and do as your told.

If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?

Did you get those jeans on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off.

Girl if you call those thunder thighs, I wanna be a storm chaser.

"Did you just take a shower or is it me that's making you wet?"

"I'm not Russian, but I can snow you a good time." #Olympicpickuplines

My favorite sport is bowling cause I always strike out with girls

Do you like whales? Cause we can go hump back at my place.

I have the "I", I have the "L", I have the "O", I have the "V", I have the "E", so, can I have "U"?

I like being able to breathe but I wouldn't mind having that ass-thma

Aye girl, they call me Snow Day.... Cuz I'm gonna get drunk and sled all over you.

Gurl, I'd fake blindness just to touch you inappropriately.

Girl: One of my ex-boyfriends sounds like an owl. 
Boy: Who? #breakuplines

You must be my new boss cause you just gave me a raise.

First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.

Girl your eyes are bluer than.... pic.twitter.com/9mBD2Q8KD2

Roses are red.  
Violets are blue.  
How about we, have a dinner for two?

Country boys don't need pick-up lines, cause they've got pick-up trucks.

Hey baby, I'm really cold, Can I use your thighs as earmuffs?

Girl, your so hot my zipper is falling for you!  #makeherlook

If I was a cat I'd spend all my 9 lives with you."

Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a weiner stand.

I blame you for global warming..... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!

Boy: "Hey baby, what's your sign? Caution, slippery when wet, dangerous curves ahead, yield?"
Girl: "Do Not Enter."

Boy: "Do you want a kiss?" 
Girl: "No!" 
Boy: "Do you remember what I just said?" 
Girl: "Do you want a kiss?" 
Boy: "Yes, if you insist.."

Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.

Boy: "Wanna go on an ate with me? I'll give you the D later."  Girl: "The only thing you'll be picking up is your D off the floor."

I’m the flower, you’re the bee. Why don’t you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?

Baby I'm like a firefighter, I find them hot and leave 'em wet.

"You see that door over there? Let’s go out.”

Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.

Are you from the ghetto cause I'm about to ghetto hold of that ass

Boy: What's your favorite color? 
Girl: Green
Boy: But your eyes are such a beautiful blue.

You run track?, cause I heard you relay want this dick.

"Girl you be the 6, I'll be the 9, that's only time you'll be less than a dime."

Are you an alien? because you just abducted my heart.”

Are u a flight attendant? Coz u gonna be plane wth this dick soon.

I'm definitely in the range of your hotspot. How about you let me connect and get full access.

It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.

Are you a 30 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y.

Baby, if you were a fruit you’d be a fineapple.

Do you like Imagine Dragons? pic.twitter.com/mnj2Mf2dm5

Guy: Do you like math? 
Girl: No. 
Guy: Me either...In fact, the only number I care about is yours.

Now what's on the menu? 
Me-n-u

You’re like the lyrics to my favorite song, hard to forget and always on my mind.

yo gurl, I heard your good at math... Cause your legs are always divided.

Hey girl is your name Alice in Wonderland because I'd fall into your rabbit hole

Say boy, I'm no photographer....but I could picture us together.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.

When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.

I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?

Boy if you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber

Is your name Sabado?  Cause that ass is Gigante

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Watch your step gurl....don't want you to fall in love with someone else.

I bet your father was a good farmer, cause you're one fine hoe

Christmas Pick Up Lines.... pic.twitter.com/dATQoqmN2Y

"Is your name jingle bells? Because you look like you go all the way!"

Do you have a New Year's resolution yet? Cause baby, I’m looking at mine right now.

What if I start this relationship with you as a frien. Will you allow me to give you the 'D' later?

Call me pooh.... pic.twitter.com/8evymB1V3L

Boy: "Nickel for your thoughts?"
Girl: "I thought it was a penny." 
Boy: "I think your thoughts are worth more!"

Are you Christmas? Because I wanna merry you!

Hey! Is your license suspended? Because you're driving me crazy!

Let me tie your shoes, because I don't want you falling for anyone else.

Are you the dub to my step? cause’ I wub wub wub you

I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?

Dayum! I bet you broke every law in the book except for one.. The law of attraction.

Keep calm and take your pants off.

I'm not asian but I'll still eat your cat

Twinkle twinkle little star,
Let's have sex inside my car.

"Why don’t we go somewhere where I can stick my candle in your jack-o-lantern?"

You might not be a Bulls fan.. But I know you felt it when this #DRose

"Are you an archaeologist? Because I have a large bone for you to examine"

Are you Mormon, cause Judah prettiest girl here!

There are so many things you can do with the mouth why waste it on talking?

Do you like pirates? Cause I got a lot of seamen that wanna meet ya. Yaharrrr

Hey, how about you sit on my face and let me eat my way to you heart?

Girl is your name baseball, cause I just want to hit it.

Girl, if you were a chicken you'd be impeccable. #redneckpickuplines

You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.

Don't worry if you're only wearing stripes because I'll make you see stars tonight.

1. u're like a dream come true.
2. just wanna be with u.
3. girl it's plain to see that ur the only 1 for me.
RT if you hear Brian Mcknight.

Are you a ticket?........ pic.twitter.com/GX0IX1jkZj

"Do you play volleyball?" ("Yeah, why?") "Because you look like your good on your knees!"

Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you wanna be rolling in the D.

Gurl, you make me wanna dive in the sea..... dat pus-sea.

Your name must be Jelly, cause jam don't shake like that.

Is your dad a farmer? Cause he sure knows how to grow some melons

Are you a Jehovah's Witness? 
Cause I'm about to bend Jehovah and let you witness this dick.

There are 20 letters in the alphabet right?
(26, I think)
I must have forgotten U R A Q T
(Your still missing one)
I'll give you the D later

Do you use an inhaler? Cause you got assssss ma.

Is your dad Liam Neeson? Because I'm Taken with you

Is your name Katniss? Because you're starting an uprising in my district.

Did you get those yoga pants on sale? Because at my house they're 100% off.

Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious

Do you like warm weather? Cause I'm gonna put my warm balls on your face weather you like it or not

You Need Directions?...Well First you gotta take this D-tour.

Baby, you must be a stoner... Cause you blazin'!

Is your name Katrina? (No, why?) 'Cuz baby, I wanna rock you like a hurricane!

Girl: Want to hear a joke? 
Boyfriend: Sure. 
Girl: Our relationship. #BreakUpLines

Are you a cowgirl? 'cause I can see you riding me.

If I was your dog........ pic.twitter.com/Ebdxp8OPeq

⎛▋⏉)╲           
⎰◥◣─ ⎨ 
╰╯▔╰╯━━━━━━━━━━━━ 
Baby you a song.... 
You make me wanna roll my windows down 
and cruuuuuuuuuuiiiissse!

On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9...... And I'm the 1 you need.

If I was a pirate would you let me get a piece of your booty?

Do you work for Domino's? Cuz you a fine pizza ass.

Hey cutie!
Not you, ......
YO BOOTY

Gurl, you remind me of a box of chocolates.....
Why?
Cause I want to take your top off.

Hey beautiful. That’s your name, right?"

Girl, are you a Super Soaker, cause I'm gonna make you squirt tonight.

Are you from Korea? Because you could be my Seoul mate.

Breathe if you’re horny.

One, two, three, four, I declare a tongue war.

We should play strip poker. You can strip, and I'll poke you.

Do you listen to Jason Derulo? Cause everytime I see you I want to sing your name.

Do you like to draw? (Yeah why?) Cause I put the D in Raw.

Boy: "How does it feel?" 
Girl: "What do you mean?"
Boy: "To be the only star in the sky"

Hi, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual.

Hi, my friends call me π, cause I'm really long and I go on forever.

Are you going to that funeral? (What Funeral) The one where MY BALLZ drop dead in your mouth #PickUpLinesThatGetYouPunched

That dress would look even better..... pic.twitter.com/1gB4rp5KId

I have two words for you: "I love you," because you and I are one.

"I hope you like fireworks cause I want to end this night with a bang."

Boy: "Are your parents bakers?" 
Girl: "Why?" 
Boy: "Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!"

"My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night!"

You still use Internet Explorer?, you must like it nice and slow.

"Hey baby, are you being followed? Because I've been seeing people behind your back."  #breakuplines

Girl: Your ex is so attractive.
Boy: Which one? 
Girl: ME....BYE. #breakuplines

Hi, all my friends call me Potato Chips, because I'm Free-To-Lay.

Wanna go on an ate with me? I'll give you the D later.

My socks are having a party...Do your pants want to come down?  #WorstLies

Gurl, do you like peppers? Cause imma bout to be jalapeno pussy.

Girl, are you a bad pickup line?  
Because you look like everybody has used you by now.

Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you’re a-Dora-ble!

Country boys don't need pick-up lines, cause they've got pick-up trucks.

I hope you have collision insurance because I'm going to wreck your vagina.

Forget pick up lines, we need break up lines like "is it hot in here or is this relationship suffocating me?"

Are you a kit kat bar, cause I'd like to break me off a piece of you.

Are you Jewish? Cause you ISREALI HOT.

"Can you recommend a good bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you."

My penis would like to buy u a drink.

Hey didn't catch your name, i would call you HONEY, but you are much sweeter than that.

Ay Girl, Is your dad a pilot?
Cause you look pretty FLY 2 Me...

Girl, you must go to church, because that body is a blessing from the good Lord.

Boy: Girl, whats your number?
Girl: I have a boyfriend
Boy: I have a math test
Girl: What?
Boy: Aren't we talking about things we cheat on?

You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?

Does your daddy own a farmers market? Because you have nice set of melons!

Damn baby, is your name Wi-Fi? Cause I'm sure feeling a strong connection

Whoa girl where you going? The national booty convention?

If you were on my deck, I would take out the nails and screw you.

You remind me of the movie "Scarface" cause I want you to say hello to my little friend.

"If I was naked, holding some pie and ice cream, would that still be dessert? or would I?"

Excuse me for interupting, and im not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if youre packing that much ass.

Am I lost in the woods cause you look like a fox.

Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause your so Dope!

"Excuse me miss, are you related to my keyboard? (No, Why?) "Cause you're just my type!"

I can't play the guitar but i'll sure pluck your G String.

I know milk does the body good, but Dayum... How much have you been drinking? 
#freshprinceofbelair

I'm not a photographer.....but I can picture us together.

"When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin?"

"I'm not a weather man, but you could expect more than a few inches tonight."

"Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!"

Chipotle Mexican Grill Pick Up Lines : "If you show me your soft taco, I'll show you where I hide the beef!"

"Well if I was a painter, I'd put you down in paint, hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame."

"Do you have a name or can I call you mine?"

"Are you a vegetarian or can I force some meat into you?"

Do you like Bacon?.... Wanna strip?

"Do you work at Little Caesars because your Hot and I'm ready!"

"If Billie Jean is not your lover, can I be?"

Redneck Pick Up Lines : "I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue."

"Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"

"Which is easier? You getting into those tight jeans or me getting you out of them?"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "(whisper) I think I'm being followed, the FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?"

"I work at Subway you work at McDonalds I'll give you a footlong and you'll be lovin it."

"Hey beautiful, they call me Jolly Rancher cause I stay hard for a long time!"

"Ma if you were the snooze button I'd hit that every morning."

"The glue gun in my pants heard your suffering from a broken heart"

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I'd love to kiss your lips while your thighs warm my ears."

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants." Girl: "No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you."

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Will you read my palm?" ♀: "I don't see anything" ♂:  "I didn't expect you to because love is blind."

“Girl, if we were playing tennis, I’d let you score all the points so I’ll always be in “Love”

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: 
Boy: "Hey baby, what’s your sign?" 
Girl: "Do Not Enter!"

Nice pants, did you get them on sale? Cause if you got them at my house they'd be 100% off. ;)

Hi, my friend over there thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. I think you're absolutely gorgeous.

You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.

Has any one ever told you your ass looks like a phone cause I want to hit the pound button all day long.

"My socks are having a party, Do your pants want to come down?"

God gave us 2 ears, 2 eyes, and 2 hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one.

"I know you haven't been studying, You must want the "D"

Rejecting Old Men: ♂: "Where have you been all my life?" ♀: "For the first half of it, I wasn't even born yet."

♂: Can I borrow ur pen? 
♀:Sure 
♂: Ur pen is out of ink. 
♀: Really?  
♂: Don't believe me? here, write ur phone # on this paper

"Here, let me tie your shoelaces so you won't fall for anyone else."

Boy: "Holy Shit (while looking at her)" 
Girl "What?"
Boy: "Someone spilled gorgeous all over you!"

Boy: "Have you ever been fishing before?"
Girl: "Why?" 
Boy: "Because I think we should hook up!"

Dirty Pick Up Lines: "Did you just take a shower or is it me that's making you wet?"

Boy: Do you wanna be my SLUT? Girl: WHAT! Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for? Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing

You might not be a Bulls fan.. But I know you felt it when this D Rose.

I heard your grades are bad...... pic.twitter.com/TJpfYQ0DUC

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you."

Twitter Pick Up Lines: "Your tweets look so lonely…..Would they like to meet mine?"

Fast Food Pick Up Lines: "Baby that ass is like Wendy's.... You know when its real"

"I just got dumped, would you recycle me into your boyfriend" #happy420

"When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising..."  #happy420

"Wanna take a shower with me to conserve water?"  #happy420

Ballpark Pick Up Lines: "Hi, can I get your baseball jersey?" (What?) "You know your name and number!"

"Damn girl, you remind me of a green bottle. 'Cause I wanna Mount and Do you!"

"Hi, they call me coffee cause I grind so fine!"

♂: Girl, whats your number?
♀: I have a boyfriend
♂: I have a math test
♀: What?
♂: I thought we were talking about things we could cheat on

Boy: "Nickel for your thoughts" 
Girl: "I thought it was a penny"
Boy: "I think your thoughts are worth more"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Can you tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes?" ♀: "How about, you tell your boxers it's rude to point!"

♂: How many letters are in the alphabet? ♀: 26! ♂: I thought there was 21? ♀: Umm, no! ♂: "Oh I must have forgotten the letters U R A Q T"

Hey can I follow you home? ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

"I dont know if its igneous, metamorphic or sedimentary but baby you rock!"

‎"Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe"

Do you like math? (Why?) Cause you're as sweet as π.

"Damn gurl u thicker than a first grade pencil"

"I'd like to point out that "beautiful" has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together."

Do You Like Nintendo? Cuz "Wii" Would Look Good Together.

"If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard."

"I'd take you to the bakery but theres nothing sweeter than you"

"Girl, I may not be a hipster, but I can make your hips stir."

"Are you a tweet? Cause youre my favorite."

"Twinkle twinkle little star, let's have sex inside my car." #perfectchatuplines

"Girl, you're so hot my zipper is falling for you!" #makeherlook

"I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you."

"Are you French?, because Eiffel for you."

"I'm not a photographer, but I can picture us together."

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!

"Is your name Katniss?, cuz you're starting an uprising in MY district." #catchingfire

Gurl, you should sell hot dogs. Because you already know how to make a weiner stand.

"I would call Heaven and tell them an angel was missing, but I'm kinda hoping you're a slut." #tgif

"Gurl, do you have a shovel in your back pocket?" (No Why?) "Cuz I'm diggin' that ass!"

Follow @quickjokes right now. They seriously have the funniest jokes on twitter.

"Hey, are your parents beavers, cuz DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM."

"Do you have a name or can I call you mine?"

"You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me."

"Girl, is your name SAT, because I wanna do you for 3 hours and 45 minutes."

Grandpa: "Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause I’ve fallen for you and can’t get up."

Boy: "Oh my god it smells like upsexy in here" Girl: "Whats up sexy?" Boy: "Oh nothing much, you?"

"I hope you like fireworks cause I want to end this night with a bang."

"Ma if you were the snooze button I'd hit that every morning."

"Are you Asian?" (Why?) "Cause I'm China get on you."

"Girl, if twitter didn't exist I'd still follow you." #romantic

"Do you work for Papa Johns? Cause you a fine pizza ass!"

"Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe" #carlyraejepsen

"Did you get those pants on sale? (Why?) Because at my house they would be 100% off!"

"If I was a cat I'd spend all my 9 lives with you." #romantic

Q: What do math and my dick have in common? A: They're both hard for you.

Are those Guess jeans? (Why?) 'Cause guess who wants to get into them.

“Girl, if we were playing tennis, I’d let you score all the points so I’ll always be in “Love” #romantic

Boy: Do you want to be my SLUT? Girl: "WHAT!" Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for? Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing

Letters start with A-B-C. Numbers start with 1-2-3. Music starts with Do-Re-Mi. And this love song starts with You-And-Me.

"When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising..."  #earthday

"You can call me "The Fireman"....mainly because I turn the hoes on."

"If I were to write how much I love you on a piece of paper there would be no trees left." #romantic

"Hi, i'm wasted but this condom in my pocket doesn't have to be."

"I'm kinda a big deal, my name is Ron Burgundy. My apartment smells rich of mahogony and leather bound books" #anchorman2

I think I've been stung by a trackerjacker. (Why is That?) Because you look so good I must be hallucinating! #thehungergames

"Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!"

"All I want is peace and quiet, give me a piece and I'll be quiet."

"You must be my new boss because you just gave me a raise!"

"Are you from Ireland? Cause when I look at you my penis is Dublin." #stpatricksday

"Girl, you are like my alarm clock, you ALWAYS get me up."

"Honey, are you a cup of coffee? 'Cause you wake up my senses"

"Hey baby gurl, Is your dad a pilot?" (Why?) "Cause you look pretty FLY 2 Me..."

"Are you related to my keyboard?" (No, Why?) "Because you are just my type!"

Girl: "You're my drug" 
Boy: "Because your addicted to me?" 
Girl: "No, because you ruin my life."

‎"How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google+ all over your Facebook!"

"I hear you're good at algebra.....Will you replace my eX without asking Y?"

"Hi, i'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"

"When a penguin finds its mate they stay together for the rest of their lives. Will you be my penguin?"

"Hey baby, wanna get a look at my "meat thermometer?" #happythanksgiving

"If I had Jack Sparrow's compass, it'd be pointing at you!"

Boy: "So you going to be a butterfly all night?" Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: "You know, pretty to see but hard to catch!"

"Hi, I'm going to have to ask you to leave!" (Why?) "The sign says NO SMOKING....and you are definitely SMOKIN!"

Nerdy Pick Up Lines: "According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me!"

"Hey baby, why don't you come over with a carrot and I'll show you what's up Doc?"  #bugsbunny

Skinny Jeans Pick Up Lines: "Are your pants on fire?" (Why?) "Cause your body is smokin!"

Boy: "Are you related to Jason DeRulo?"
Girl: "No, Why?"
Boy: "Cause I can see you all over me in my head!"

♂: Lets play Firetruck, I run my fingers up your legs and you say red light to stop.
♀: Red Light!
♂: Fire trucks don't stop for red lights!

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Girl, you're so hot my zipper is falling for you!" #makeherlook

"Hi. I just graduated from a prestegious medical school and I feel it is my duty to inform you that medically speaking you are adorable."

"Hey beautiful, is there a revolt taking place? (Yeah, why?) Cause you're uprising my cock!" #occupywallst

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night!"

Running Pick Up Lines: Do you work for Nike? (Why?) Cause every time I see you i wanna "Just Do It"

If only life came with a ◄◄ REW ► PLAY ▌▌PAUSE █▌STOP ►► FF

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants." Girl: " No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "I'd like to point out that "beautiful" has U in it. But, 'quickie' has U & I together."

Stoner Pick Up Lines: "You must be puffing a blunt cause I get too high around you!"

Check out my alter ego at  http://www.facebook.com/hotpickuplines 

Ghetto Pick Up Lines: "Damn gurl u thicker than a first grade pencil"

Science Class Pick Up Lines "If we were minerals your cleavage would give me a ten on MOHs hardness scale"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "On a scale from one to ten, can I have your number?"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "My socks are having a party, do your pants wanna come down?"

‎"Roses are red, Violets are blue, You can be my Cinderella, I'll even give you a shoe"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines: "Gurl, do you have a shovel in your back pocket?" (No Why?) "Cuz I'm diggin' that ass!"

Hey, Laura! I haven't seen you FOREVER! (hug) Wow, you've really changed! (I'm not Laura) What? Oh my God, you even changed your name!

Japanese Girl Pick Up Lines: Konnichiwa! Are you from Tokyo? (Why?) Cause I wanna get in Japanies!

Nerdy Pick Up Lines: "I dont know if its igneous, metamorphic or sedimentary but baby you rock!"

Corny Pick Up Lines: "Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : Hey can I follow you home? ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

Bar Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Do you like to play pool?" ♀: "Why?"  ♂: "Because I've got the balls if you've got the rack!"

I wanna stick my "Sorcerer's Stone" in your "Chamber of Secrets" and release "The Prisoner of Azkaban" into your (cont)  http://bit.ly/r1LheQ

♂: How many letters are in the alphabet? ♀: 26! ♂: I thought there was 21? ♀: Umm, no! ♂: "Oh I must have forgotten the letters U R A Q T"

Summer Picnic Pick Up Lines : "If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Girl, I don't need aguamenti to make you wet!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Baby, you don't need defense against my dark arts. " #deathlyhallows

Sports Pick Up Lines: "Do you play volleyball?" ("Yeah, why?") "Because you look like your good on your knees!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Don't Worry, I'll remember to protect my wand from hogwarts when entering your chamber of secrets!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Girl, once you go black you siriusly dont go back!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "I don't need the Mirror of Erised to know that you're everything I desire." #deathlyhallows

ATM Pick Up Lines: "I thought I dropped five dollars but come to notice I'm looking for a single..is that you?"

Dirty Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Girl, do you want to be my FAG?" Girl: "Excuse ME!" Boy: "You know....my Fucking Amazing Girlfriend"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines: "Damn Is yo mouth a daycare?" (No, Why?) "Cuz I heard thats where everybody drop dey kids off"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "I heard you're a Gryffinwhore" (Why?) "Because you let every wizard Slytherin!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Girl are you sure you're a muggle, cause I'd swear that ass is magical!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Did you survive Avada Kedavra? Cause your drop dead gorgeous." #deathlyhallows

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Can you tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes?" ♀: "How about, you tell your boxers it's rude to point!"

♂: Girl, whats your number?
♀: I have a boyfriend
♂: I have a math test
♀: What?
♂: I thought we were talking about things we could cheat on

Movie Night Pick Up Lines: "If you were a transformer. You'd be a hot-o-bot, and you'd be called Optimus Fine!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "It doesn’t take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I would be overqualified!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey baby, what’s your sign?" Girl: "Do Not Enter!" #youcantdateme

Boy: "You know what I like most in girls?" Girl: "A good personality?" Boy: "No my dick!" #youcantdateme

"You know how some men buy really expensive cars to make up for certain, well, shortages? Well, I don't even own a car!" #umightbeghetto

"Both of your parents must be nickels because you're OBVIOUSLY a dime!" #umightbeghetto

Starbucks Pick Up Lines: "Hi, they call me coffee cause I grind so fine!"

Ballpark Pick Up Lines: "Hi, can I get your baseball jersey?" (What?) "You know your name and number!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Is your name Medusa?"(No, Why?) "Because every time I look at you I get hard like a stone!"

Candy Shop Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Hey is your name lollipop?" Girl: "No, why?" Boy: "Cuz I bet you look good on a stick!" #EpicFail

Fast Food Pick Up Lines: "Baby that ass is like Wendy's.... You know when its real"

420 Pick Up Lines: "You must be puffing a blunt cause I get too high around you!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Is your phone vibrating in your back pocket?" (No, Why?) "Because that ass is calling me!"

Dr. McDreamy Pick Up Lines: (Take doctor's stethoscope) "Why don’t you listen to your heart and go out with me?"

Geeky Pick Up Lines: "Do You Like Nintendo?" (Yeah Why?) "Cause I think "Wii" would look good together.

"Girl, I'll never leave you like Lebron's Hairline!" #gomavericks

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Baby, how did you get to be so beautiful?" Girl: "God must have given me your share!"

Hawaii Pick Up Lines: "Hey you look hawainn..wanna lay me?"

Toilet Humor Pick Up Lines : "Hi my name is Charmin and you must be the shit 'cause I want you all over me." #letsmakelove

Twitter Pick Up Lines: "Your tweets look so lonely…..Would they like to meet mine?"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Girl, I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot!"

Tim Hortons Pickup Lines: "Girl, If you were a bagel, I'd fill your hole with my cream cheese!"

Lyrical Pick Up Lines : "Let's play a love game, I'll be Alejandro, you can be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick!

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you."

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I'd love to kiss your lips while your thighs warm my ears."

Fresh Prince Pick Up Lines: I think I've seen your picture somewhere before. Oh yeah, that's right. It was in the dictionary next to KABLAM!

Fat Guy Pick Up Lines: "Girl, this isnt a beer belly, its a fuel tank for my love machine!"

Redneck Pick Up Lines: "Like my belt buckle?" (Why?) "It would look better on your forehead!"

How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google all over your Facebook! #13thingsilove

Dirty Names Pick Up Lines: "Hey my name is Tara McClosoff, do happen to be Hugh G Rection?" (via @sarahbettylynn)

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Girl, you're so hot my zipper is falling for you!" #makeherlook

"Girl, how about I grab your delicious Mounds and put my Butterfinger in your tight little Kit Kat til you scream Oh Henry!" #epicfail

Airport Pick Up Lines: "Girl, Is your dad a pilot?" (No, Why?) "Cause you look pretty FLY 2 Me!"

Coach Potato Pick Up Lines: "Let's play a game called TV, you turn the knob and watch my antennae rise!"

Cartoon Pick Up Lines: "Girl, I promise to love you until Tom catches Jerry and has him for supper!"

Dirty Pick Up Lines: "Did you just take a shower or is it me that's making you wet?"

Classic Pick Up Lines: "You must be a parking ticket because you got fine written all over you"

Star Wars Pick Up Lines: "Are you related to Yoda? Because yoda-licious" (via @Janelelelxx)

In Da Club Pick Up Lines: "Hey beautiful, didn't catch your name, I would call you HONEY, but you're sweeter than that"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "Hi, is your name Google?" (No, Why?) "Because you have everything I'm looking for!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Hi, my name is “Milk.” I’ll do your body good." Girl: "Sorry, I’m Lactose intolerant!"

Retweet if you would punch a guy in the face if he said this to you!  http://bit.ly/hVZiNP

Prom Pick Up Lines: "I may have just met you but I feel like I have known you all my life and I love you. What hotel room should I reserve?"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: "What are you doing later?" Girl: "Not You!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Have you ever been fishing before?" Girl: "Why?" Boy: "Because I think we should hook up!"

Redneck Pickup Lines : "I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue."

Skinny Jeans Pick Up Lines: "Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or me getting you out of them?" #itshardwhen

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Is your dad a military general?" (Why?) "Because when you walked by, my privates snapped to attention" #itshardwhen

Soda Pop Pickup Lines : "If you were Sprite, I would obey my thirst!"

Movie Night Pick Up Lines: "I'll be your farm boy if you'll be my Princess Bride!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Holy Shit (while looking at her)" Girl "What?"
Boy: "Someone spilled gorgeous all over you!"

Bar Pickup Lines: Boy: "So you going to be a butterfly all night?" Girl: (puzzled look) Boy: "You know, pretty to see but hard to catch!"

Funny Pick Up Line : "I want to tell you your fortune." (Take her hand and write your phone number on it) "There's your future."

Funny Pick Up Line : "Hey baby lets play a fruity game... I pop your cherry with my banana!" #epicfail

Romantic Pick Up Lines: "Here, let me tie your shoelaces so you won't fall for anyone else."

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button."

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "You know unlike all these other guys, I can make you really happy" Girl: "Why are you leaving?"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Well if I was a painter, I'd put you down in paint. I'd hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Do you play Farmville? 'Cause you grew some big melons!" @ladygaga

♂: Can I borrow ur pen? ♀:Sure ♂: Ur pen is out of ink. ♀: Really?  ♂: Don't believe me? here, write ur phone # on this paper @MyTeenLifeLoL

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "What's its gonna take for you to come home with me?" Girl: "Chloroform!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Will you read my palm?" (I don't see anything) "I didn't expect you to because love is blind."

MILFs Pickup Lines: ♂: Are you Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's mom? ♀: No Why? ♂: Because you sure got some good looking twins. (look at boobs)

Car Pick Up Lines : "I'll buy the fastest car in the world, just so I can be the first to reach your heart" #FastFive

Pizza Pick Up Lines : "Do you work at Little Caesars because your Hot and I'm ready"

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Hi, my dick just died, can I bury it in your vagina?"

Geeky Pick Up Lines: "I would love to be your keyboard" ("Why?") "Because U and I are together"

Follow me on my new Facebook page and get even more pick up lines!  http://www.facebook.com/hotpickuplines

Dirty Pickup Lines: "Girl, I can give you what a thunderstorm can, 10-12 inches and you won't be able to leave the house for 2 to 3 days!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey baby, what’s your sign?" Girl: "Do Not Enter!"

Q: How does Barack Obama plan to order his drinks from now on? A: With JUST ICE!

Q: What's the difference between Mike Tyson and Osama Bin Laden? A: Mike Tyson can take a shot to the head.

Q: What is Al Qaida now learning after Osama Bin Laden's death? A: Don't put your contact info on the Playstation Network!

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants." Girl: "No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

Scientific Pick Up Lines: " I wish I was a DNA Scanner.....(Why?)...so I could unzip your jeans!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "You know, a girls legs are her best friends, but even the best of friends part ways!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hey there beautiful, can I stick my hot pocket in your easy bake oven"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines: "Hey Ma...I know you pregnant but when you drop that one off...I'D LOVE to put another one in you"

Boy: Do you want to be my SLUT? Girl: "WHAT!" Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for? Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Nickel for your thoughts" (I thought it was a penny) " I think your thoughts are worth more"

Dirty Pick Up Lines: "I have a 6 inch dick. Remember that, there will be an oral exam later." #EpicFail

Funny Pick Up Lines: "You've been naughty go to your room, but if you want to be naughtier go to mine."

Funny Pick Up Lines: ♀: "I'm a lesbian! ♂: "There is a new drug for lesbians its called "tridixagan"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?"

Earth Day Pick Up Lines: "I just got dumped, would you recycle me into your boyfriend" #earthday

Earth Day Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!" #earthday

Soda Pop Pick Up Lines : "Damn girl, you remind me of a green bottle. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!"

Earth Day Pick Up Lines : ""Wanna take a shower with me to conserve water?"  #earthday

Earth Day Pick Up Lines: "When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising" #earthday

Earth Day Pick Up Lines : "Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love!" #earthday

♂: How many letters are in the alphabet?  ♀: 26! ♂: I thought there was 21? ♀: Umm, no! ♂: "Oh I must have forgotten the letters U R A Q T"

Rainy Day Pick Up Lines : "Girl, i'm no weatherman, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight"

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I'd love to kiss your lips while your thighs warm my ears."

Retweet if you want more Clean Flirty Pick Up Lines  http://www.jokes4us.com

Retweet if you want more Dirty Filthy Pick Up Lines     http://www.jokes4us.com

Rejecting Old Men: ♂: "Where have you been all my life?" ♀: "For the first half of it, I wasn't even born yet."

Funny Pick Up Lines : "The glue gun in my pants heard your suffering from a broken heart" (pulls out glue stick)

Rejecting Lines : Boy: What would you say if I asked you out? Woman: Nothing. I can't talk and laugh at the same time!

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Man: "Let me holla at you. What's your number?" Woman: "It's in the (continued)  http://bit.ly/hiWCay

Funny Pick Ups: ♂: "See that girl over there?" ♀: "Yeah, why?" ♂: She likes nails. I sure hope you prefer screws cuz I can give you a lot!"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines: "Girl, you aint no dime, cuz dimes get spent...Baby girl you a diamond, cuz diamonds last forever!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I don't know if you're beautiful or not, I haven't got past your eyes!"

Cute Doctor Pick Up Lines : "My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you."

"How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitpic your Yahoo until you tweet my Tumblr and I Google all over your Facebook!"

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Hi, my name is Mickey, and there is nothing "minnie" about the bulge in my pants!" #disneypickuplines

Pixar Pick Up Lines : "Hey there beautiful, we should go back to my place and play with my toys named Woody and Buzz" #disneypickuplines

"Girl, let me open your thighs, take you wonder by wonder, over, sideways and under, on a magic carpet ride!" #disneypickuplines

"Yes, thats a magic lamp in my pants, and if you rub it a genie will come out and grant you wishes!" #disneypickuplines

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I wish I was Winnie The Pooh, so I can get my nose stuck in your honey pot!" #disneypickuplines

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Let's play Pinocchio. You sit on my face and I'll tell you lies." #disneypickuplines

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "I used to waste time chasing butterflies , but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach."

2AM Pick Up Lines : "Most women say guys think with their dicks and I was wondering if you would blow my mind!"

Jewish Pick Up Lines : "Are you Jewish? Because you Israeli hot!"

Retweet if you think blonde jokes are hilarious @  http://bit.ly/gM2gDK

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you."

Not So Subtle Pick Up Lines : "My penis would like to buy you a drink!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "What's its gonna take for you to come home with me?" Girl: "Chloroform!"

St Patrick's Day Pick Up Lines : "Hey there beautiful, you look magically delicious, and I just happen to be a cereal lovemaker!"

St Patrick's Day Pick Up Lines : ""How’d you like to help put the Irish Spring back into me shillelagh?" #stpatricksday

Hooters Waitress Pick Up Lines : "Baby, If your brains were as big as your boobs, You'd be the smartest girl on earth!"

ATM Pick Up Lines : "Can you recommend a good bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you."

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Will you read my palm?" ♀: "I don't see anything" ♂:  "I didn't expect you to because love is blind."

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: Hey there beautiful, wanna go back to my place?" Girl: " Hmm, I don't know. Will two people fit under a rock?"

"OMG did you feel that?" (Feel what?) "I swear I just felt the ground shake.. Oh nevermind it was just you making my knees weak." #HelpJapan

Wimpy Kid Pick Up Lines : "I know I don't look like much now, but I'm drinking milk!" #diaryofawimpykid

Pet Store Pick Up Lines : "Can I pee on you? I wanna mark my territory." (via @ilovekamkam_)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Girl, I just know you're kind, intelligent, loving, and hot" ♀: "Haha, unfortunately thats everything your not!

Romantic Pick Up Lines : ♂: "Nickel for your thoughts?" ♀: "I thought it was a penny" ♂: "I think your thoughts are worth more!"

Short Guy Pick Up Lines : "I want to be taller, so I can pick up stars and give them to you."

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : "Ma if you were the snooze button I'd hit that every morning."

College Pick Up Lines : "Have you heard of the big bang theory" (Yeah Why?) "Cause I'd like to try that theory on you."

Sorority Girl Pick Up Lines : "Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess."

High School Pick Up Lines : "So now that Justin Bieber is off the market, can I be your "Somebody to Love?"

Middle School Pick Up Lines : "Hi, there's this movie I wanted to see and my mom said I couldn't go by myself."

Grade School Pick Up Lines : "I lost my toys, can I play with you?"

Rejecting Pick Up  Lines : Boy: What would you say if I asked you out? Girl: Nothing. I can't talk and laugh at the same time!

Bar Pick Up Lines : "Lets go back to my place and do laundry, I'll get dirty, you'll get wet, we'll spin around, tumble dry, and snuggle!"

Big Bang Theory Pick Up Lines : "Are you the Large Hadron Super Collider? Because I would love to split your atom!"

Democrat/Republican Pick Up Lines : "If I were blue and you were red would you want to make purple?"

Band Geek Pick Up Lines : "You're looking sharp. Want to go back to my flat and get natural?" (via @DearBlanked)

Funny Pick Up Lines : "My socks are having a party, Do your pants want to come down?

Female Bar Pick Up Lines : 89% of men like women to make the first move. Is that true or should I wait for you to buy me a drink?

Retweet if these Charlie Sheen Jokes made you laugh  http://bit.ly/f7EL4i

Apple Store Pick Up Lines : Baby, If you were an iPad 2, I would tap you all day! #ipad2

Twitter Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, do you know why the Twitter bird is blue? Cause he's so far away from you!"

"Baby girl, your like Justin Bieber's single "Somebody To Love"......Cause I just can't get you out of my head."  #happy17thbdaybiebs

Celebrity Lines : "Hey there beautiful, would you make out with me if I told you that I stole @justinbieber's chapstick" #happy17thbdaybiebs

Celebrity Pickup Lines : Hey babe, we go together like Justin Bieber and #1 records! #happy17thbdaybiebs

Candy Pick Up Lines : "Hey beautiful, they call me Jolly Rancher cause I stay hard for a long time!" #hallpass

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together." Girl: continued @  http://bit.ly/9IJY3O

Twitter Pick Up Lines : "Roses are red. Violets are blue. This tweet is for you: I <3 you."

Twitter Pick Up Lines : "Was that an earthquake or did you just tweet my world?"

Spring Break Pick Up Lines : "I had a dream about you last night... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey baby, what’s your sign?" Girl: "Do Not Enter!"

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "I work at Subway you work at McDonalds I'll give you a footlong and you'll be lovin it."

Creepy Pick Up Lines : "I wish you were my dog, so I could stroke your hair all day!"

Rock n Roll Pick Up Lines : "I'm not a member of the All American Rejects, but I'd like to keep you my dirty little secret!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants." Girl: "No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

Bar Pick Up Lines : "My buddies over there bet that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with you. Wanna buy drinks with their money?"

Credit Card Pick Up Lines : "Baby, I'm an American Express lover...you shouldn't go home without me."

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Hey can I follow you home?" ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

Bar Pick Up Lines: ♂: "Hi, is this seat taken?" ♀: "No?" ♂: (sits down) "So, how about you?"

Rejecting Lines : You MUST be tired! Because you've been running through my mind ALL day! Girl: "I know, I was trying to find a brain cell."

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Say, haven't we met before?" Girl: "Yes, I'm the head Nurse at the VD clinic!"

Geeky Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, are you related to my keyboard? (No, Why?) "Cause you're just my type!"

Funny Pick Up Lines: "I'm new in town; could you recommend a nice restaurant I can take you to?"

MILF Pick Up Lines: ♂: Are you Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's mom? ♀: No Why? ♂: Because you sure got some good looking twins. (look at boobs)

Pick Up Lines : "Sorry, I didn't get you a box of chocolates for Valentine's Day, but if you want something sweet and smoot I'm right here."

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Hey beautiful. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back!" #happyvalentinesday

Chili's Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby can I fry my steak in your hot sizzling grill?"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you remind me of fast food because I want to take you out, and then eat you in my car."

♂: "Would you like to dance?" ♀: (looks you up and down and laughs) ♂: "You must have misunderstood me I said "you look fat in those pants!"

Bar Pick Up Lines : (sniff a pretty girl) ♀: "What are you doing?" ♂: "Seeing if you smell like beer and a good time"

Breakfast Pick Up Lines : "I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?"

I Rap My Pick Up Lines : "Yo Shawty, what's the opposite of two? A lonely me, a lonely you!"

Dog Walking Pick Up Lines : "I'm a vet and I see you have big puppies. Want me to check them out?"

Retweet if you would punch a guy in the face if he said this to you!
 http://bit.ly/hVZiNP

Funny Pick Up Lines: "How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google all over your FaceBook?"

Redneck Pickup Lines : "I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue."

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, your just like Bruno Mars' single "Grenade"......Cause I just can't get you out of my head."

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Is your dad a locksmith because you have the keys to my heart." #imjustsayin

Religious Pick Up Lines : "Girl, if beauty was a sin, you'd never get God's forgiveness!"

Female Pick Up Lines : "89% of men like women to make the first move. Is that true or should I wait for you to buy me a drink?"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Baby, if I was a painter, I'd put you down in paint, hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame!"

Latina Pick Up Lines : "Mami, your name must be Salsa, because you got me wanting to double dip!"

Christmas Pick Up Lines : "You know, a one-horse open sleigh isn't the only fun thing to ride, this time of year!"

Christmas Pick Up Lines : Believe me beautiful, if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows.

Christmas Eve Pick Up Lines : "What do you say we go back to my place and make this a not-so-silent night?"

Christmas Shopping Pick Up Lines : ♂: Shouldn't you be sitting on top of the tree this time of year? ♀: "Why?" ♂: "Because your an angel!"

Retweet if you want more Christmas themed pick up lines!

Christmas Pick Up Lines : "Hey there, how about I slip down YOUR chimney, at half past midnight?"

♂: "Please don't be alarmed if elves pick you up and throw you into a bag." ♀: "Why?"  ♂: "Because I asked for you for Christmas!"

Christmas Pick Up Lines: "Baby, I wish you were a christmas stocking so I could stuff you with my goodies"

Apple Store Pick Up Lines: "Baby, if you were an iPad, I would tap you all day!"

Geek Squad Pick Up Lines : "How about we play 'Tech Support'? I'll show you my RAM if you show me your USB port."

Female Cop Pick Up Lines ♀: "Anything you say will be held against you in a court of law." ♂: Tits (via @zigizy)

Funny Pick Up Lines : "(whisper) I think I'm being followed, the FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?"

Abercrombie Pick Up Lines : "Which is easier? You getting into those tight jeans or me getting you out of them?"

Narnia Pick Up Lines : "If your right leg was London and your left leg was Narnia, would you let me have access to your magical wardrobe?"

Chronicles Of Narnia Pick Up Lines : "Kiss me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Susan Pevensie?"

Narnia Pick Up Lines : Have you ever kissed a faun, named Mr. Tumnus between the ears? [Pull your pockets inside out] Would you like to?

Major League Soccer Pick Up Lines : "If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "My socks are having a party, Do your pants want to come down?"

Rejecting Old Men: ♂: "Where have you been all my life?" ♀: "For the first half of it, I wasn't even born yet."

In Da Club Pick Up Lines : "You have two lips, I have two lips. Why don't we put two and two together?"

♂: "If I hired 1,000 artists and made them work for 100 years they still wouldn't be able to paint a picture that is as beautiful as you."

Geeky Pick Up Lines : ♂: "How about you come over and we play 'Tech Support'!"  ♂: "I'll show you my ram if you show me your usb port!"

♂:  "Wanna go home with me?"
♀: "I have a boyfriend!"
♂:  "Its like soccer just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you cant score."

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Girl you must be a magnet, because your attracting the front of my pants!" (via @rudycox)

♂: "Why do you have to be so damn fine every single day?" "Can't you take a break and let me concentrate on something else for a change?"

Pick Up Lines : ♂: "Girl, you are so rude!" ♀:"How am I being rude?" ♂: "Because you're looking so fine and not telling me you're name."

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : ♂: "Do you work at Mcdonalds?" ♀: "No, why?" ♂: "Cause I was wondering if I could get a fry with that shake."

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : "Is your name Country Crock, cause you can spread for me anytime."

Retweet if these Facebook Jokes made you Laugh Out Loud  http://bit.ly/dI4boR

Pick Up Lines :  ♂: Do you have magic beans?  ♀: No why? ♂: As soon as I get close to you, I begin to grow down below! (via @_tylerdixon)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : ♂: "Baby, if I can't have your number, can I at least get your name?" ♀: "Why? Don't you already have one? "

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : ♂: "You know unlike all these other guys, I can make you really happy" ♀: "Why are you leaving?"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: Hey there beautiful, wanna go back to my place?" Girl: " Hmm, I don't know. Will two people fit under a rock?"

Pick Up Lines: "If your left leg was Thanksgiving and your right leg Christmas, can I visit you in between the Holidays?" #happythanksgiving

Retweet if these Thanksgiving Day Jokes make you laugh  http://bit.ly/i5ixuI

Remember to tell your friends and family about Jokes4us.com this Thanksgiving weekend and laugh together!

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Man: "Let me holla at you. What's your number?" Woman: "It's in the (continued)  http://bit.ly/hiWCay

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Baby, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Give me 30 minutes over lunch, and I will win your heart, as you have already won mine!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "You don't have to worry about me, I've been tested for Hogwarts, if you know what I mean." #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I don't know a thing about Merlin's pants, but I'd love to get into yours!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "You know, when I said, "Accio hottie," I didn't expect it to work!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "You don't even have to say "Lumos Maxima" to turn me on!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I may not be Mad-Eye Moody, but I do have a mad eye for you." #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "Did you just say "Expecto Patronum"? Because there is something white and silvery erupting from your wand!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I need a pensieve because my head is filled with thoughts about you!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "Are you a golden snitch? Because I've been seeking for something like you my whole life." #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I don’t have any muggle money, but I do have a sickle and two knuts!" #deathlyhallows

Retweet if you want more Harry Potter Pick Up Lines #DeathlyHallows

Pick Up Lines : "You fall from a tree, you fall from a cliff. What's wrong w/ the gravity that you cant fall for me!" (via @gianjane14)

Candy Pick Up Lines : "Hey beautiful, they call me Jolly Rancher cause I stay hard for a long time!"

Social Networking Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I can Twitter you so much you'll be screaming Yahooooo!"

Dirty Names Pick Up Lines: "Hey my name is Tara McClosoff, do happen to be Hugh G Rection?" (via @sarahbettylynn)

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I may be hung like a Tic-Tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!"

Retweet if this list of Dirty Names makes you want to crank call places like Bart Simpson!  http://bit.ly/b6ciWh

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?" Girl: "I'm a female impersonator!"

Laundromat Pick Up Lines : "Let's make like a laundry cycle. I'll be Dirty, you'll get wet, we'll spin around, tumble dry, and snuggle"

Dirty Filthy Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby, if your vagina is appropriate, then i would like to get...in appropriate!"

Retweet if you want more Dirty Filthy Pick Up Lines!

Flu Season Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you look like a hot bowl of soup and I got the flu"

Financial Pick Up Lines :  "Baby, you're like a subprime loan. When it comes to you my interest is compounding daily."

#HappyHalloween Pick Up Lines : “I may look like a slutty cheerleader, but under this dress…I’m all man, baby!”

#HappyHalloween Pick Up Lines : "I want to ask you out, but I've got butterflies in my stomach.... And worms..... And maggots"

#HappyHalloween Pick Up Lines : "Hey there mind if I take a bite? Cause you're decomposing in ALL the right places!"

"Are you a sucker? Cause I feel the need to lick you!" (via @heymyahey)

"How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your FaceBook?" #badconversationstarters

Pick Up Lines : "Theres a party in my pants and your invited." #thingsyouwishyoucouldsaybutcant

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey baby, what’s your sign?"  Girl: "Do Not Enter!"

Rejecting Lines : Do you know what'd look good on you? Me! Girl: Look, any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental!

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm the new milkman would you like in the front or back?"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Say, haven't we met before?"
Girl: "Yes, I'm the head Nurse at the VD clinic!"

Female Pick Up Lines : "If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib!"

World Of Warcraft Pick Up Lines : "Many are the starrs I see, but in my eye no starr like thee."

Romantic PickUp Lines : My heart to you is given:
Oh, do give yours to me;
We'll lock them up together,
And throw away the key. -F. Saunders

Dirty Tailgating Pick Up Lines: "Hey Baby! I'd like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like my beer drinking hat!"

Dirty Female College Pick Up Lines : "I'm not a slut, I'm just popular. Wanna screw me and be the Big Man on Campus?"

Female Pick Up Lines : "Are you a boy scout?" Cause you sure have my heart tied in a knot!" (via @XXBieberfiedXX)

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Hey, I wet my pants can I come in yours?" (via @biebers_1Love)

California Gurls Pick Up Lines : "Hey there beautiful, are you made from the Sun because you make me Melt!" (via @mozzelra)

Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Are your parents bakers?" Girl: "Why?" Boy: "Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!"

Sweet Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I named my stuffed animal after you!" Girl: "Why?" Boy: "Because I wanna sleep with you!" (via @thatsmesadie)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Scrambled or poached?"  Girl: What? Boy: "How do you like your eggs in the morning?" Girl: "Unfertilized!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby, do you speak parseltongue, because you're making my snake rise!"

Harry Potter PickUp Lines: "Let's play Deathly Hallows, you can take me to your bed and I can Slytherin?

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "Baby, if you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss."

1 month to #DeathlyHallows Retweet if you want more Harry Potter Pick Up Lines!

Rejecting Lines : Boy: Girl, I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs. Girl: I never forget a face...but in your case I'll make an exception!

Rejecting Harry Potter Lines: Boy: Hey beautiful, my quidditch coach said, "I'm a keeper!" Girl: "No, you're just a seeker!"  @thatsmesadie

Sports Pick Up Lines  "If you were a softball. I'd catch you and make sure you never hit the dirt!" (via @sgarza18)

Skater Boi Pick Up Lines : "Girl, If you were a skate board, I'd grind on you all day." (via @TheFakeBrandiC)

Paypal is donating $0.05 for every time someone tweets #BeatCancer. Please tweet it.

Retweet if these jokes about Celebrities make you laugh  http://bit.ly/a0bNeq

Farmville Pick Up Lines : "Is your dad a farmer? 'Cause you grew some big melons!" (via @SianTierney)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "It's your lucky day babe, I want to give myself to you!" Girl: "Sorry, I don’t accept cheap gifts!"

Chat Room Pick Up Lines : "Is your name google? Because you have everything I'm searching for." (via @Ash_Neal14)

Retweet if these Disney Jokes made you laugh 
 http://bit.ly/c2KXT9

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Guy: "I'd go through anything to be with you!"
Girl: "Good, let's start with your bank account!"

Rescue Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby, lets play mineshaft, You can be a Chilean miner and get stuck down my shaft!" (via @jbones999)

Rejecting Lines : Boy: "Can I take your picture? I want Santa to know exactly what I want for Christmas!" (continued  http://bit.ly/bZ0pS3 )

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey there beautiful, where have you been all my life?"
Girl: "Hiding from you!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Hi, my name is “Milk.” I’ll do your body good." Girl: "Sorry, I’m Lactose intolerant!"

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines: "Hey beautiful, my quidditch coach said, "I'm a keeper!" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements."

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I can't find my invisibility cloak, but can I visit your restricted section anyways?" #deathlyhallows

Harry Potter Pick Up Lines : "I'll make you moan like Myrtle when I put my basalisk in your chamber of secrets" #deathlyhallows

Retweet if you want more Harry Potter Pick Up Lines

Celebrity Pick Up Lines: If "I wait on you forever, any day, hand and foot" would "U Smile" or tell me "I'm Overboard"

In Da Club Pick Up Lines : (sniffs girl at bar) "Yes, you smell like beer and a good time."

Pick Up Lines : "Girl, do you know the three stages of true ℒℴѵℯ. An eye to see you with, a heart to ℒℴѵℯ you with and you to be with!"

Weatherman Pick Up Lines : "What's the weather like outside?" (I dont know, Why?) "Because there's a high pressure point behind my zipper!"

Religious Up Lines : "Your so hot even the devil sweats around you!" (via @alexlince)

Religious Up Lines : "Your so hot even the devil sweats around you!" (via @alexlince)

Dirty Disney Pick Up Lines : "Let's play Pinocchio. You sit on my face and I'll tell you lies."

Fire Alarm Pick Up Lines : "Let's play fireman. I'll be the hose and you be the fire!"

Retweet if you want me to direct message you a clean flirty pick up line!

Retweet if you want me to direct message you a dirty filthy pick up line!

Library Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, how about you be my story and I'll be your climax!"

Hospital Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you look like a hot bowl of soup and I got the flu"

Rejecting Lines : "There is a village somewhere missing its idiot. I think they’re looking for you!" #TTL (via @trueteenlife)

"Boy you can put me on like a brand new white tee, I'll hug your body tighter than a pair of your jeans!" (via @BiebelBeliebers)

Female Pick Up Lines :  "Did they just take you out of the oven? Because boy, you're hot" (via @kiernyn)

Rejecting Lines : You MUST be tired! Because you've been running through my mind ALL day! Girl: "I know, I was trying to find a brain cell."

Tight Jeans Pick Up Lines: "Girl, Abercrombie & Fitch should pay your ass royalties!"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Hi, am I mistaken or is Justin Bieber's song "Baby" about you?"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's see if your love is my drug, I can "get a little tipsy", (Continued at  http://bit.ly/aDnSPW )

Boy: "Baby do you like to jog?" Girl: Yeah why? Boy: "Cause you been running trough my mind all day!" (via @Quotes_15)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants."
Girl: "No thanks. There's already one asshole in there!"

Pick Up Lines : "I know milk does a body good, but damn girl how much are you drinking?" (via @teennsworld)

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Guy: "I'd go to the end of the world for you!" Girl: "GREAT, could you stay there?" (via @taboogurl)

"Girl how about we go to my house throw 100 dollars on the bed and roll around till we make change" (via @yumiebear)

"What's your age?" (I'm 19) "I'm 20 but they are all just numbers...and if where talking about numbers, can i have yours?" (via @dipsausjes)

Pick Up Lines : "Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of Justin Bieber and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me"

Boy: Do you want to be my SLUT?
Girl: "WHAT!"
Boy: Do you even know what slut stands for?
Boy: (S)weet (L)ittle (U)nforgetable (T)hing

"When your doctor tells you you're sick, says you need plenty of fluids, and lots of time in bed....he means me! (via @OMFGitsTaylorr)

Home Ec Pick Up Lines : "I'll stitch me and u together so I know u wont leave me"  (via @superfutureswag)

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Hey babe we go together like Justin Bieber and #1 records!"

Hooters Pick Up Lines : "Girl, if your brains where as big as your boobs, you'd be the smartest girl on earth!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together." Girl: "Let's (cont)  http://bit.ly/9IJY3O

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "I work at Subway you work at McDonalds I'll give you a footlong and you'll be lovin it."

Waitress Pick Up Lines : "Are you on the menu?" (Uhh No) "Because if you were, I would order you!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Hey can I follow you home?" ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

Fresh Prince Of Bel Air Pick Up Lines : "You know, we were born without clothes."

Dirty Filthy Pick Up Lines : "I'd love to kiss your lips while your thighs warm my ears!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: There are 206 bones in the human body; do you want another one? Girl: There are 45(cont)  http://bit.ly/dhkt4V

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Can you help me do the laundry? I've got some massive loads." Girl : "What am I? Flypaper for freaks?"

Rosh Hashanah Pick Up Lines : "I don't care what the Torah says, I'm not leaving any of your four corners unplowed."

Jewish Pick Up Lines : "You must not be kosher for Rosh Hashanah because you're making my matza rise!"

Rosh Hashanah Pick Up Lines : "Being a Jew isn't the only thing that's hard!"

Rosh Hashanah Pick Up Lines : "I may not be Elijah, but will you open the door anyway?"

Rosh Hashanah Pick Up Lines : "Are you Jewish? Because you Israeli hot!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "What about a date? No obligations. If we are not compatible then you can put your clothes on and go home."

Late Night Pick Up Lines : "They say guys think with their dicks and I was wondering if you would blow my mind!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "I like you!"
Girl: "I like big cocks, see we have something in common we both like what you don't have!"

Movie Theater Pick Up Lines : "Hi, Is this Inception? Because I need to go deeper!" via @transfabulous

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm writing a phone book, can I have your number?"

Rap Lyrics Pick Up Lines : "'I'm a pussy pirate my name's jack sparrow, why don't you come with me and you can see my flesh arrow."

300 Pick Up Lines : "Let's play "Battle of Thermopylae", you just lie there and I, King Leonidas, will impale you with my spear."

California Gurls Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby girl, the names L.A like the city I can make all your dreams come true!"

Supermodel Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I was gonna mail you something sexy but the mail man told me to get my head out of the mail box!"

Movie Theater Pick Up Lines : "Is this the Matrix? Cause you are The One."

Rejecting Lines : Boy: "I'd really like to get into your pants."
Girl: "No thanks! There's already one asshole in there." #dontbothertrying

Rejecting Lines : Boy: "If I could see you naked, I’d die happy."
Girl: "If I saw you naked, I’d probably die laughing!" #dontbothertrying

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Man: "Do you think it was fate which brought us together?"  Woman: "Nah, it was plain bad luck!" #dontbothertrying

Rejecting Lines : Boy: What would you say if I asked you out?  Woman: Nothing. I can't talk and laugh at the same time! #conversationkillers

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Your face must turn a few heads!"
Girl: "And your face must turn a few stomachs!"  #dontbothertrying

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey baby girl, what’s your sign?" Girl: "Do not enter!" #dontbothertrying

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's stop this "Misery Business", you can be "the only exception" and I can "crushcrushcrush" you!"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : ,,¡ɯɐxǝ ʎpoq llnɟ ɐ noʎ ǝʌıƃ ll,I puɐ ɹǝʌǝℲ ɹǝqǝıq ɥʇıʍ uʍop ǝɯoɔ noʎ 'ɹoʇɔop ʎɐld s,ʇǝ˥,,

MTV Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, I'm like @ItsTheSituation , I don't use pick up lines I use my abs" #jerseyshore

Summer Picnic Pick Up Lines : "If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?"

Redneck Pick Up Lines : "I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue!"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : "Don't worry bout me baby girl, I'm just getting sum measurements cuz I'm bout to lay some pipe"

Apple Store Pick Up Lines : "Girl, if you were an Apple iPad, I would tap you all day!"

Dog Walking Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm a vet and I see you have big puppies. Want me to check them out?"

Bootylicious Pick Up Lines : "Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person"

Gas Station Pick Up Lines : "Baby, if you were an instant lottery ticket, I wouldn't scratch you up, because I already know your a winner!"

Starbucks Pick Up Lines : "Your so sweet I can have you with my hot tall skinny latte with a dash of cocoa "

Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Do you like apples?" (Yes!) "Well how bout I take you home and fuck the shit out of you how do you like them apples?"

FBI (Fine Body Investigators) Pick Up Lines : "Are you illegal? Cause I'd love to get you in handcuffs"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Beauty is only a word that only briefly begins to summarize the amazingness of you, honey."

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : I like my girls like my Koolaid "Sweet And Go Down Easy.."

Jewish Pick Up Lines : "Can I put out your 'burning bush?'"

Foreigner Pick Up Lines : Hi, I'm new to this country and you are the prettiest sight I've seen so far. Can you give me a tour of your body?

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you remind me of Jason Derulo, because every-time we meet I want to sing your name!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Do you know where the nearest hospital is?" (No, Why?) "Cause after I saw you my heart won't stop skipping beats!"

Religious Pick Up Lines : "I have a snake and he wants to enter your garden."

Retweet if you want more clean flirty pick up lines @hotpickuplines and Jokes4us.com

Retweet if you want more dirty filthy pick up lines @hotpickuplines and Jokes4us.com

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together." Girl: "Let's (cont)  http://bit.ly/9IJY3O

Redneck Pick Up Lines : "I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue."

Remember if you want faster access to my tweets, create a list on twitter and follow me!

Summer Pick Up Lines : "Let's go fishing, I'll be the rod, you be the fish and later on we'll hook up!"

Soda Pop Pick Up Lines : "Baby, if you were Sprite, I would obey my thirst!"

Fresh Prince Of Bel Air Pick Up Lines : "I'm hoping you like it dark, hot, sweet and with a spoon in it!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby girl my name is Bustin Drew Jieber, and I'm just like an Altoids mint, Small, White and Curiously Strong."

Funny Pick Up Lines : Lets go back to my place and do laundry, I'll get dirty, you'll get wet, we'll spin around, tumble dry, and snuggle!

Role Playing Games Pick Up Lines : "Hey beautiful, is that a Mana in your pants? Cause I'd like to TAP that."

Naughty Girl Pick Up Lines : "They say the best things in life are illegal, bad or fattening. and baby, your very very bad!"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "If Billie Jean is not your lover, can I be?"

Comic Con Pick Up Lines : "I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heaven."

Comic Con (Superman) Pick Up Lines : "Do you have heat vision, too?" "Because you can melt my heart with just a look."

Strip Club Pick Up Lines : "You my dear look like a dancer in need of a pole. May I volunteer?"

Dentist Office Pick Up Lines : "I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep."

Comic Con Pick Up Lines : "Hey babe, I may look Ewok, but I'm Wookie in all the right places!"

Sports Bar Pick Up Lines : "Lets play midget boxing!" (What's That?) "It's when you get on your knees and give me some blows!"

Tight Jeans Pick Up Lines : "Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or me getting you out of them?"

ATM Pick Up Lines : "Can you recommend a good bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you."

Toga Party Pick Up Lines :  "Rome wasn't built in a day, baby... it took ALLLLL Night!"

Retweet if you are attending Comic Con in San Diego, California

I will be tweeting live from Comic Con this weekend. Get ready for some Comic Con pick up lines!

Pizza Pick Up Lines : "Do you work at Little Caesars because your Hot and I'm ready!"

Chinese Restaurant Pick Up Lines : "Are you a deep fryer?" (No, Why?) "Because you make my eggroll hard!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "You remind me of my sketchbook, I wanna fill it up with drawings just like I wanna fill up your life with love!"

Summer Music Pick Up Lines : "I'm not a member of the All American Rejects, but I'd like to keep you my dirty little secret"

Rude Pick Up Lines : "I hear your lips moving but notice your tits moving. Guess which one I'm paying attention to!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : Hey can I follow you home? ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "You might have seen my video "Baby" on Youtube, heard about me walking into glass door(cont)  http://bit.ly/9gOGiC

Social Networking Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I can Twitter you so much you'll be screaming Yahooooo!"

Romantic Pickup Lines: Girl, do you know the three stages of true love. An eye to see you with, a heart to love you with and you to be with.

Late Night Pick Up Lines "(see a beautiful girl yawn) "I'm tired too (yawn). We should sleep together!"

Flirty Pick Up Lines : "I'm trying to be a gentleman, but you're so perfect, my thoughts wander."

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : "I'd love to kiss your lips while your thighs warm my ears."

Old School Pick Up Lines : "Aye girl...come blow me like a Nintendo cartridge"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "If home is where the heart is, then my home is in you!"

Retweet this if you want more clean flirty pick up lines

Retweet this if you want more dirty filthy pick up lines

Bar Hopping Pick Up Lines : (Man) "Hey baby, baby, baby!" (Woman) "I have a name." (Man) "That may (cont)  http://bit.ly/debOl2

Old Spice Ad Pick Up Lines : "Your love has blossomed from a seed into a fully grown love plant and now it's time to fertilize that plant,"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's see if your love is my drug, I can "get a little tipsy", .......  http://bit.ly/aDnSPW

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : "My name might not be Taco Bell, but I sure can spice up your night!"

Sneezing Girl Pick Up Lines : "I would say God bless you, but it looks like he already did!"

Talent Show Pick Up Lines : "Whats better than roses on your piano?" (What?) "Tulips (Two Lips) on my organ!"

Romantic Pick up Lines : "Baby, beauty is just a word that tries to define the perfection in your eyes."

Airport Pick Up Lines : "I had a dream about you last night... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed." Girl:  http://bit.ly/9o2IT6

Soda Pop Pick Up Lines : "Damn girl, you remind me of a green bottle. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!"

Pixar Pick Up Lines : "There are plenty of fish in the sea but your my Nemo!"  http://bit.ly/cK9KJF

Tight Jeans Pick Up Lines: "Girl, Abercrombie & Fitch should pay your ass royalties!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you."

Sea World Pick Up Lines : "Do you like whales?" (Yeah Why?) "Because I'd like to go hump-back at my place!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I don't know if you're beautiful or not, I haven't got past your eyes!"

#Worldcup Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Do you wanna go out?" Girl: "I have a boyfriend!" Boy: "It's like futbol  http://bit.ly/9ukp72 #ESP #NED

#Worldcup 2010 Pick Up Lines : "If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?" #ESP #NED

#Worldcup #ESP Pick Up Lines : "Hey love, did ya know I'm part of the Spanish futbol team?" (Really?) "Yeah, hopefully I score tonight!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Will you read my palm?" (I don't see anything) "I didn't expect you to because love is blind."

Fresh Prince of Bel Air Pick Up Lines : "Girl, I got to tell you, that suit looks like a piece of 'Good God' wrapped  http://bit.ly/cnieEG

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?" Girl:  http://bit.ly/9FssTT

Dinner Party Pick Up Lines : "What's your favorite silverware?..because I like to spoon!"

Not So Subtle Pick Up Lines : "My penis would like to buy you a drink!"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : "Hey girl you got a father? ....Want a daddy?"  More here  http://bit.ly/9LK9cD

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Hi, am I mistaken or is Justin Bieber's song "Baby" about you?"

On The Beach Pick Up Lines : "I might not be a California gurl but my sun kissed skin will melt your popsicle!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "When I'm older looking back at all of my finest memories, and I'll think of the day my  http://bit.ly/afieQI

Disgusting Pick Up Lines : "Why don't you sit on my face and let me eat my way to your heart?"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: If you were a car, I'd wax and ride you all over town" Girl: "That's funny because  http://bit.ly/du0dAM

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Excuse me, I seem to have misplaced my phone number can I have yours." Girl: "Sure, its 1-800-GET-LOST"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Hey there beautiful, would you make out with me if I told you that I stole @justinbieber's chapstick"

Girl, If I was @justinbieber, I'd follow you on twitter, DM you my phone number, and sing "I just need somebody to loooove" when you called!

Pick Up Lines : "Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of @justinbieber and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby, did you know that Victoria's Secret stole the technology from my hands to make your push up bra!"

2AM Pick Up Lines : "They say guys think with their dicks and I was wondering if you would blow my mind!"

Cigarette Pick Up Lines : "Baby, you're gonna get cancer, because you're SMOKING.....HOT!"

Makeup Counter Pick Up Lines : "Baby is your your name Lori Elle because your worth it!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Well if I was a painter, I'd put you down in paint, hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame."

Sports Bar Pick Up Lines : "Girl, if you were a baseball diamond, I'd go straight to 3rd base!"

Hooters Waitress Pick Up Lines : "Baby, If your brains were as big as your boobs, You'd be the smartest girl on earth!"

Pick Up Lines : "My name might be Aang and I might be the Last Airbender, but there's nothing I can do about the dragon spirit in my pants"

Rejecting Lines : You MUST be tired! Because you've been running through my mind ALL day! Girl: "I know, I was trying to find a brain cell."

Library Pick Up Lines : "Baby you thicker than a novel, and I wanna read all yo pages!"

Summer Job Pick Up Lines : "Guess what I should work on this summer?" (What?) "You!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Hey! Is your dad a mad scientist? Cause he made one hell of a sex bomb with you!"

Chipotle Mexican Grill Pick Up Lines : "If you show me your soft taco, I'll show you where I hide the beef!"

Hindu Pick Up Lines : "Are you a vegetarian or can I force some meat into you?"

Summer Picnic Pick Up Lines : "Girl, are you a watermelon , cause you have some water in yo' melons!"

Rejecting Pick Up lines : Boy: Where would you go if you could go anywhere in the world? Girl: To the other side of the room. Bye @Jamazins

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "What's its gonna take for you to come home with me?" Girl:  "Chloroform!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Baby, your body is like a temple." 
Girl: "Sorry, there are no services today!"

Twilight Pick Up Lines : Let's play Twilight Eclipse, your Bella and I'm Jacob, I'll turn into a Werewolf and you can help me bury my bone!

Twilight Pick Up Lines : "Do you know what a Werewolf is?" (No?) "It's a guy chasing a girl up a tree and kissing her inbetween the limbs."

Summer Blockbuster Pick Up Lines :  "Can you be like Avatar the Last Airbender and blow me!"

At The Zoo Pick Up Lines : Girl: "Hi, I'm the Zookeeper can I have your monkey?"

Reply to @hotpickuplines if you would like me to retweet your unique and/or funny pick up lines. Pickup Lines on current events are welcome!

Summer Blockbuster (Twilight) Pick Up Lines : "Hi, I'm Jacob, will you be the mother of my puppies?"

Summer Box Office (Twilight) Pick Up Lines : Hi, my name is Edward, and my sister can see the future. Let me give you a clue, it’s Me + You.

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "Haven't I seen you someplace before? 
Girl: "Yeah, that's why I don't go there anymore."

In Da Club Pick Up Lines : "Damn girl, you are so hot, every time I look at you, my eyes get 3rd degree burns!"

Rejecting Pick Up Lines: Boy: "Hey baby, whats your sign?" Girl: "Do Not Enter!"

World Cup Pick Up Lines : "Let's play soccer. You can be the goalie and I'll try to score with my Jabulani balls!" #worldcup

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Boy: "If I could see you naked, I'd die happy!"
Girl: "If I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing!"

Hitting on your Boss Pick Up Lines : "OK. You're the manager, and I'm the employee. You give me a raise, and I'll give you one!"

Midnight Stroll Pick Up Lines : "Your eyes look like someone took the stars from heaven and jammed them in your face!"

"OMG did you feel that?" (Feel what?) "I swear I just felt the ground shake.. Oh nevermind it was just you making my knees weak."

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me, do you like camping?" (Yeah?) "Well you always have a reserved spot here (point to your heart)!"

Apple Store Pick Up Lines : Hey beautiful, I AM happy to see you but that’s just an iPhone 4 in my pocket.

Fender Bender Pick Up Lines : "Come on baby girl, I'm like Allstate, with me you'll always be in good hands!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Excuse me Miss...But I think a camel is resting on your chest!"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's play a love game, I'll be Alejandro, you can be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick!"

Scary Movie Pick Up Lines : "Hey babe, I'm like a zombie, the only way to get me off is to blow my brains out!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : If tears could build a stairway and memories a lane .... I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you Home again.

I have decided to retweet unique/funny pick up lines by followers this summer, reply to @hotpickuplines . Let the summer fun begin!

Bar Pick Up Lines : (I Have a Boyfriend) "A boy can love a million girls, but It takes a man to love one girl in a million different ways!"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : @ladygaga may have had a bad romance, but I promise we won't!

World Cup 2010 Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby, I’m just like the Jabulani ball.....I score at high altitude." #worldcup

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Is your daddy an onion farmer, because your ass brings tears to my eyes."

Apple Store Pick Up Lines : (looking at iPhone or iPod Touch) "Hey there beautiful, do you wanna use your fingers to enlarge my pixel size?"

Classic Pick Up Lines : "My socks are having a party, do your pants want to come down?"

World Cup 2010 Pick Up Lines : Hey love, did ya know I'm part of a England soccer team? (Really?) Yeah, hopefully I score tonight!

Female Pick Up Lines : "Can I call you a roller coaster?" (Why?) "Because you look fun to ride!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : Girl I'd crawl thru a mile of barbed wire just to hear you fart through a walkie talkie!

Funny Pick Up Lines : I may have just met you but I feel like I have known you all my life and I love you. What hotel room should I reserve?

Ex-Girlfriend Pick Up Lines : "You know, it kills me to know you were in my life, and left. May I welcome you back?"

Candy Pick Up Lines : "Hey beautiful, they call me Jolly Rancher cause I stay hard for a long time!"

Fitness Pick Up Lines : Do you believe your body is a temple? (Yeah, why?) Because I would sacrifice millions of my little men inside of it!

Bonfire Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you're more beautiful than a summer sunset on the beach."

Medieval Renaissance Fair Pick Up Lines : Hey babe let's play Knights Templar, I'll be King Philip IV and ban you to kingdom cum

House Party Pick Up Lines : "Have you heard of the big bang theory" (Yeah Why?) "Cause I'd like to go upstairs and try that theory on you."

Redneck Pick Up Lines : (draw a tractor on your hand) "Hey baby, do you think my tractor's sexy?"

"Let's play Celebrity Dogs, I'll be Justin Bieber's Papillon, you can be Kim Kardashian's Boxer, and I'll bury my bone in your backyard!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : You have two lips, I have two lips. Why don't we put two and two together?

Romantic Pick Up Lines : Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.

Romantic Pick Up Lines : Girl, time is best spent in the presence of beauty, so you wanna spend some more time together.

Apple Store Pick Up Lines : Baby, If you were an iPod Touch, I would tap you all day!

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Woman: "I like your approach, now let's see your departure."

Rejecting Pick Up Lines : Woman: "You know what your problem is? Your mouth is writing checks that your body can't cash."

Disney Pick Up Lines : "I wish I was Winnie The Pooh, so I can get my nose stuck in your honey pot!"

World Cup 2010 Pick Up Lines : "If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?"

Candy Bar Pick Up Lines : Do you like chocolate? (Yeah!) "Well pull down your Snickers and I'll show you my Butterfinger!"

Bar Pick Up Lines : "Girl, you remind me of a sweet potato in the morning, 'cause all I can say is "DAY YAM!"

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : "Did you know that it takes hundreds of nails to make a crib, but it'll only take me one screw to fill it?"

DMV Pick Up Lines : "Oh, sorry, I just came over here to ask for a pencil but turns out you just gave me one!"

Rejecting Lines : Man: What would you say if I asked you to marry me?
Woman: Nothing. I can't talk and laugh at the same time!

Summer Movie Pick Up Lines : Baby, If I was a transformer I'd be called Orgasmic Prime.

"I know I'm insensitive, but if I told you "I just need somebody to loooove", would you "Never Say Never" or "rise up to say love is alive"

Pick Up Lines : (walk up to a girl leaning against the wall) This may be the first time your between me and a wall, but it wont be the last!

Animal Pick Up Lines : How about my Wiener dog meets your Pussycat tonight?

Redneck Pick Up Lines : "If I made a tool shed would you be my hoe?"

Bar Pick Up Lines : "Let's go back to my place and disco: You'll get down, We'll boogie a bit, and then I'll shake it til we're done!"

"If I hired 1,000 artists and made them work for 100 years they still wouldn't be able to paint a picture that is as beautiful as you."

Religious Pick Up Lines : "Girl, if beauty were a sin, you'd never get God's forgiveness."

Fresh Prince Pick Up Lines : "Yo baby, I know your feet must be tired. Cause you been running through my mind alllll day!... Come Here"

World Cup 2010 Pick Up Lines : Hey beautiful, soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions........I'm just saying!

Bar Pick Up Lines : Lets go back to my place and do laundry, I'll get dirty, you'll get wet, we'll spin around, tumble dry, and snuggle!

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Are you a magician? Because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears."

Funny Pick Up Lines : I wish you were my bodywash, because I'd rub you all over my body.

Rejecting Lines : Boy: "Can you tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes?" Girl : "How about, you tell your boxers it's rude to point"

Sarcastic Pick Up Lines: Hi my name is Alex, my two favorite things are commitment and changing myself!

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's play Justin Bieber Mall Tour, you be a group fierce teens and I'll throw you some white meat!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : Want to play Air Mattress, I'll lay on my back and you can blow me up!

Retweet this if you want clean flirty pick up lines

Retweet this if you want dirty filthy pick up lines

Retweet this if I shouldn't add more Justin Bieber Pick Up Lines

Retweet this if you would like more Justin Bieber Pick Up Lines !

Funny Pick Up Lines : "My parents told me not to play with guns, but you should play with mine."

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Hey Baby Girl, I'm going to have to check your pockets." (Why?) "i think you've stolen my heart!"

Dinner Pick Up Lines : Are you a salad because I wanna pour my dressing all over you!

Candy Bar Pick Up Lines : "I'm like a Snickers bar, Dark on the outside, soft on the inside, and your gonna love my nuts!"

On The Beach Pick Up Lines : Your eyes are so blue I want to put a speedo on and jump into them!

Funny Pick Up Lines : I'm no weatherman, but I think you should be expecting more then a few inches tonight

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Hey baby girl my name is Justin Bieber, and I'm just like an Altoids mint, Small, White and Curiously Strong."

Dirty Old Grandma Pick Up Lines : Sex is like bridge , you either need a good partner , or a good hand!

Romantic Pick Up Lines : I used to waste time chasing butterflies, but nowadays because of you, I have them in my stomach.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : (show her a pic of Justin Bieber) Girl, everytime I see you smile, I feel luckier than Justin Bieber's chapstick!

Weather Pick Up Lines : "If my kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard"

Ethnic Pick Up Lines : I like my coffee just like my women "Black and Strong."

Office Pick Up Lines : (at the copy machine) "I see your reproducing....can I help?"

Creepy Pick Up Lines : "Baby I'm a necrophiliac and when you die...we'll both be in heaven"

Animal Pick Up Lines : "Where's your tail?" (What?) "I thought all foxes had tails!"

Celebrity PickUpLines : Girl, talking with me, is like playing hockey with Justin Bieber, all I have to do is break the ice to get you wet!

In Da Club Pick Up Lines : Hi, I've been undressing you with my eyes all night long, and I think it's time to see if I'm right.

Fashion Pick Up Lines : "Feel my shirt." "Do you know what that material is?, It's boyfriend material!"

Funny Pick Up Lines : Roses are blue Violets are red I'm crap with colors but wicked in bed!

Bonfire Pick Up Lines : Damn girl, your so hot you could teach a fire how to burn.

Breakfast Pick Up Lines : Are you a box of Cheerios? Cause I think your good for my heart

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, U and I are like Justin Bieber and glass doors, I can't move without falling for you first!"

Corny Pick Up Lines : I will call you sugar booger! Because you're sweet and I picked you!

At The Beach Pick Up Lines : Someone's going to have to call a lifeguard because I'm drowning in your eyes!

Fast Food Pick Up Lines : I work at Subway you work at McDonald's, I'll give you a footlong and you'll be lovin it.

Pick Up Lines : "Lets play Tiger Beat Magazine, I'll be a poster of Justin Bieber and you can slam me against the wall and make out with me"

Flirty Pick Up Lines : "Is that a ladder in your stockings... Or a stairway to heaven?"

"Do you watch Desperate Housewives?" (Yeah) "How about you and me go out on a date and we can do a sequel called Satisfied Housewives"

Waitress Pick Up Lines : Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I’d check my watch but I can’t take my eyes off you.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Are you related to Justin Bieber?" (Why?) "Everytime you get near me my heart pounds and I want to scream!"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes.

In Da Club Pick Up Lines : Could you please step away from the bar? (Why?)You're melting all the ice!

Geeky Pick Up Lines : I wish you were DSL so I could get high speed access!

Celebrity PickUpLines : Hi, I'm Justin Bieber if you come home with me, we can do whatever we want "as long as we don’t wake up @studiomama"

Romantic Pick Up Lines : I don't need to go to Disney World for my dreams to come true, because my dreams came true the moment I met you!

Ethnic Pick Up Lines: You must be Irish cause my penis is Dublin.

Protest Rally Pick Up Lines : "Are you a tree hugger? Really... because I'm a tree-hugger-hugger!"

Girl, If I was Justin Bieber, I'd follow you on twitter, DM you my phone number, and sing "I just need somebody to loooove" when you called!

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Nickel for your thoughts" (I thought it was a penny) "I think your thoughts are worth more"

Pickup Lines : I could've sworn I saw you at church last night...then I turned around and realized it was just a painting of an angel.

Gross Pick Up Lines : "Girl you are so fine I'd suck on your toes and drink your bath water."

Fashion Pick Up Lines : "Did you get those pants on sale because at my house they are 100% OFF!"

Food Pick Up Lines : You must be peanut butter because you’re making my legs feel like jelly!

Romantic Pick Up Lines : "Can you recommend a good bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you."

Ghetto Pick Up Lines : "I have the dictionary tattooed on my cock. Wanna go back to my house and I'll put some words in your mouth?"

Funny Pick Up Lines : Do you like whales? Because I'd like to go hump-back at my place!

Break The Ice PickUpLine: A cat falls into the water and the rooster laughs. The moral of the story? A wet pussy always makes a happy cock!

Romantic PickupLines : There's only two times in my life that I wanna be with you and that's now and forever

Toilet Humor Pick Up Lines : "Hi my name is Charmin and you must be the shit 'cause I want you all over me."

Old School PickUpLines : i just got a new waterbed... wanna make some waves!

Redneck Pick Up Lines : Like my belt buckle....it would look better on your forehead.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Let's play doctor, you come down with Bieber Fever and I'll give you a full body exam!"

Fat Guy Pick Up Lines : "I'm pregnant with a baby elephant... Wanna see it's trunk?"

Corny Pick Up Lines : "I must be a magnet because I'm attracted to your buns of steel."

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : "Lets play locomotive, you can sit on my face and I'll chew chew chew."

Funny Pick Up Lines : "You got a booby trap? Because I'm trapped in yours."

Pickup Lines : Hey, whats your name gorgeous?" "Kim, and yours?" "Justin Bieber, now don't forget that because you'll be screaming it later"

Candy Bar PickupLines : "I have a Snickers in my pants. Hungry?"

Club Pick Up Lines : "Damn girl those jeans are tight is there anymore room for me?"

Funny Pick Up Lines : "How about we have an Australian kiss?" ("What's That?") "It's just a French kiss down under"

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : "Baby girl, your like Justin Bieber's single "Eenie Meenie"......Cause I just can't get you out of my head."

Funny PickupLines : "I would love to be your keyboard" ("Why?") "Because U and I are together"

Dirty Dirty Pick Up Lines : Hi, my dick just died, can I bury it in your vagina?

Scientific Pick Up Lines : I wish I was a DNA scanner... so I could unzip your jeans! (genes).

Fresh Prince PickupLines :  I think I've seen your picture somewhere before. Oh yeah, that's right. It was in the dictionary next to KABLAM!

Funny Pick Up Lines : If my eyes were sandpaper, you would be smooth all over.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : I'm not Justin Bieber, 'cause I'll tell you "Girl, I Love You" more than one time.

Romantic Pick up Lines : (Hand a girl a rose) "Hi, I just wanted to show this rose what true beauty looks like."

Funny Pick Up Lines : A girls legs are her best friends, but even the best of friends part ways!

Dirty Fast Food Pick Up Lines : Why don't we play Subway? I'll pay you $5 to give me a footlong, then another $5 to eat it.

Redneck Pick Up Lines : Hey you looking for a stud in your life? Cause I got the STD all I need is U!

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : You remind me of a green soda pop. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!

Funny Pickup Lines : Girl you and I are like butt-cheeks, no matter how much crap comes between us were always together.

Classic Pickup Lines : "How about we play lion tamer? You get down on all fours and I'll put my head in your mouth."

Bar Pickup Lines : "Honey just by seeing you from behind I know you're a well-rounded person"

Redneck Pickup Lines : Roses are red. Spend the night with me and I'll teach you all kinds of cool scientific stuff like that!

Fast Food Pickup Lines : I'm not taco bell but I sure can spice up your night.

Cell Phone Pickup Lines : Do you work for AT&T because your raising my bars

Slap Him Pickup Lines : "What's the difference between jam and jelly? You can't jelly my cock down your throat"

I <3 You Pickup Lines : If you wake up in a RED room, with no windows or doors, don't be alarmed, baby girl. You're just in my heart

Classic Pickup Lines : If I said you had a beautiful body , would you hold it against me?

Summer Picnic Pick Up Lines : If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?

Band Camp Pickup Lines : Do you play an instrument? Because you just gave me a tromboner!

Pickup Lines : "Want to go out?" ("No I have a boyfriend") Don't worry baby girl it's all mind over matter, I don't mind and he don't matter

Redneck Pickup Line : I might be missing teeth, but that just leaves more room for your tongue.

Classic Pickup Lines : There are a lot of fish in the sea, but your the only one I'd like to mount and take back to my place

Titanic Pickup Lines : You remind me of my sketchbook, I wanna fill it up with drawings just like I wanna fill up your life with love!

Brand Name Pickup Lines : If you were Sprite, I would obey my thirst!

Food Pickup Lines : If you were a bagel, I'd fill your hole with my cream cheese.

Jewish Pickup Line : Are you Jewish? Because you Israeli hot!

Jewish Pickup Line : Moses can turn his staff into a snake, but I can turn my snake into a staff.

Bar Pickup Lines : Strawberries or blueberries? (What?) I just wanted to know what toppings I'll be putting on your pancakes in the morning.

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Are you a jellyfish? Because I'd like to cover you with sand and poke you with a stick."

Celebrity Pickup Line : Hey babe we go together like Justin Bieber and #1 records!

Brand Name Pickup Line : Lets make like fabric softener and Snuggle!

Funny Pickup Line : Hey Can I follow you home? ("What?") "Oh sorry my parents just told me to follow my dreams."

Classic Pickup Line : Is your Dad a traffic cop? Because you got fine written all over you.

Cute Pick Up Lines : You are the cutest teddy bear I've ever seen, 'cause I want to hug you all the time!

Funny Pick Up Lines : I'm not Elmo but you can tickle me all you want.

Brand Name Pick Up Line : Do you work at Little Caesars because your Hot and I'm ready

Funny Pick Up Lines : "Is your dad a military general? Because when you walked by, my privates snapped to attention"

Short Guy Pick Up Lines : I want to be taller, so I can pick up stars and give them to you.

Classic Pick Up Lines : "Is there a fire in here or are we just standing too close"

Redneck Pickup Line : God wants us to be together. That's why he gave us the same parents!

Smooth Pickup Line : "I know the meaning of your name, it must be sunrise 'cause you'll be the first thing I see in the morning"

College Pickup Line : Hey let's play carpenter, first we get hammered, I get some wood, and then I nail you.

Sweet Pick Up Lines : I'll buy a fastest car in the world, just so I can be the first to reach your heart

School Pickup Line : You are the sweetest thing in my life, your lips taste like sugar, your tongue taste like bubble gum

School Pickup Lines : "Are you in my class? Because I really need help studying that anatomy"

Funny Pickup Line : My socks are having a party, do your pants want to come down?

Suave Pickup Line : "If God made anything prettier than you, he must have kept it for himself."

Earth Day Pickup Line : "Will you help me find my puppy, I think he went into that Eco-friendly Hotel across the street"

Earth Day PickUp Line : "When I see you, sea levels aren't the only thing rising..."

Funny Pick Up Line : "I want to tell you your fortune." (Take her hand and write your phone number on it) "There's your future."

Cute Pick Up Line : Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me to fall in love with you.

Ghetto Pick Up Line : "Hey excuse me...I know your pregnant but when you drop that one off...ID LOVE to put another one in u"

Redneck Pick Up Line : If I were a tractor and you were a plow, I would definitely hook up with you.

Funny Pick Up Lines : Your so fine, I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : I'm no David Blaine but I can do magic in bed!

Classic Pick Up Line : Are you a light switch? Cause I want to turn you on!

Tax Day Pick Up Line : Does the IRS work for 24 hrs? I don't think so. Well that's too bad, because I could tax that ass all night!

Hot Pickup Lines : "If I had a garden I'd put your two lips and my two lips together." (tulips)

My boys bet that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the room. Want to buy drinks with their money?

Subtle Pickup Lines: I must be lost. I thought paradise was further south?

Funny Pick Up Line : Your belly button is in the wrong place! It should be on top on mine!

Food Pickup Line : Do you like Bacon? Wanna strip?

Pick Up Line : I've got the ship, you've got the harbor ... what say we tie up for the night?

Pick Up Line : Honey, you give new meaning to the definition of 'edible'

Funny Pick Up Line : You have pretty eyeballs. Of course they'd be better if they were eyeing my pretty balls

Creepy Pick Up Line : If I could be anything, I'd love to be your bathwater.

Pick Up Lines : Well if I were a painter, I'd put you down in paint. I'd hang you by the Mona Lisa and put that girl to shame.

Pick Up Lines : If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.

Funny Pick Up Line : I would tell you a joke about my penis....buts its too long

Funny Pick Up Lines : Excuse me, you dropped something over there. My jaw.

Dirty Pick Up Line : I can give you what a snow storm can, 10 to 12 inches and you wont be able to leave the house for three to four days.

Suave Pick Up Line : Before you put that outfit on they were just clothes, But with you in it.. it is a fashion statement.

Funny Pick Up Line : Hey baby, is your name Daisy? Because i have the urge to plant you right here.

Funny Pick Up Line : It may be a needle, but it works like a sewing machine

Pick Up Line : You wanna play pool I'll shoot my balls in your holes

Funny Pick Up Line : If you come home with me, we can do whatever we want – as long as we don’t wake up my mom.

Funny Pick Up Lines: Did I tell you I’m filthy rich and my mother’s dead?

Funny Pick Up Lines : I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?

Pick Up Lines : I grew up during the sixties, with the peace and love generation. If I can’t get some love, I’d like to get a piece.

Easter Pick Up Line : “Hey baby, I heard that rabbits, can make 150 babies a year, how many do you think we can make in an hour?”

Easter Bunny Pick Up Line : My foot isn't the only part of me that's lucky!

Easter Bunny Pick Up Lines : Let's go back to my place, I'll show you where Easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised!

Easter Pick Up Line : Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?

Easter Pick Up Line : There's a Easter parade in my pants...wanna go?

Harry Potter Pick Up Line : Lets practice Alohomora...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want! #harrypotterpickuplines

Cute Pick Up Lines : If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

Cute Pick Up Lines : Your earrings are the mirrors which reflect the moonlight into your eyes

Funny Pick Up Lines : I'm having a party at your ankles... should I invite your pants down?

Funny Pick Up Line : Hey baby lets play a fruity game... I pop your cherry with my banana

Insulting Pick Up Lines : Your legs are like peanut butter, smooth creamy and easy to spread.

Dirty Pick Up Lines : My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?

Dirty Pick Up Line : I can't play the guitar but I'll sure pluck your G String

Fat Guy Pick Up Line : "Hey baby, do you want to put the love in these handles?"

Pick Up Lines : If I put my key in your ignition will it turn you on?

Pick Up Lines : You must work in a library because you just increased my circulation!

Funny Pick Up Lines : Love is the answer... but while you're waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.

Funny Pick Up Line : See that girl over there (if yes) shes likes nails. I sure hope you prefer screws cuz I can give you a lot!

Excuse me for interrupting, and i'm not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if you're packing that much ass.

Sophisticated Pick Up Line : Good evening. May a thorn sit down amongst the roses?

Pick Up Lines : If Santa Claus comes down your chimney, and puts you in his sack, don't worry because I wanted you for Christmas

Pickup Lines : You're in a relationship, im in a relationship but that doesn't mean we can't have relations

Pick Up Lines : Do you like parties? Because you can climb up my pants and have a ball!

Pick Up Line : Are you an aspirin because I'd like to take you every 4 to 6 hours

Pick Up Lines : I'm an organ donor, need anything?

Dirty Pick Up Lines : Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.

Dirty Pick Up Lines : I'm not a hardware expert, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.

Cute Pick Up Line : You look so sweet your giving me a toothache.

Pick Up Lines : If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Dirty Pick Up Lines : First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.

Pick Up Lines : Hershey factories make millions of kisses a day, but I'm asking for only one.

Celebrity Pick Up Lines : It's a celebration bitches! Now show Rick James your titi's!

Historical Pick Up Line : Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore....my face should be among them!

Scientific Pick Up Line : Lets get together and test the spring potential of my mattress!

Scientific Pick Up Line : Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?

Food Pick Up Line : If you were a steak you would be well done.

Pick Up Lines for Girls : You want to melt in my mouth or in my hand?

Pick Up Lines For Girls : You know what they say about men with big feet. Want to prove that to me?

Internet Pick Up Lines : How'd you like to come to MySpace so I can Twitter you with my Yahoo until I Google on your FaceBook?

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : Do you work at Mcdonalds? Cause I was wondering if I could get a fry with that shake.

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : You must work at subway...cause you`re givin` me a foot long.

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : Can I stick my hot pocket in your easy bake oven

Brand Name Pick Up Line : "I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way."

Brand Name Pick Up Line : I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : You remind me of a green bottle. Cuz I wanna Mount and Do you!

Brand Name Pick Up Line : Hey is your last name Chilli's cause I can see myself chewin those babybacks

Brand Name PickUp Lines : Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.

Brand Name Pick Up Lines : Can I double stuff your Oreo?

St Patricks Day Pick Up Lines : You look magically delicious, and I just happen to be a cereal lovemaker.

St Patrick's Day Pickup Lines : Lassie, it's your ancestral duty to drive the snake out of my pants!

St Patrick's Day Pick Up Line : If you don't sleep with me, the leprechauns have already won.

St Patricks Day Pick Up Lines : Well, ye caught me, lass! Now I can grant ye one wish, as long as it involves sex.

St Patrick's Day Pick Up Lines : How’d you like to help put the Irish Spring back into me!

St Patricks Day Pick Up Lines : Let's back to my place so we can share my pot of gold. Acapulco gold, that is.

St Patricks Day Pick Up Lines : I ain't got four leaves, baby, but if you pluck me, I'll give you luck!

Pick Up Lines : I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bed rock!

Pick Up Lines : The word for tonight is “legs.” Let's go back to my place and spread the word?

Lets play house...you can be the door so I can slam you all I want!

Pickup Lines : Hi, I'm the new Milkman. Do you want it in the front or the back?

Pick Up Line : Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?

Excuse me. My friend over there is a little embarrassed. He'd like your number. He wants to know where he can get a hold of me in the mornin

Pick Up Lines : Would you be my love buffet? So I can lay you out on the table and take what I want?

Anti Pickup Lines: I was going to tell you a joke that'll make your tits fall off. But it looks like somebody beat me to it.

Pickup Lines : Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear.

Pick Up Line : Seriously honey, sex is like Pizza. Even if it bad, it still pretty darn good.

Pick Up Line : I know hello in 6 different languages, which one do you want me to tell you tomorrow?

Pick Up Lines : Looks don't matter, I'll just wrap you in a flag and fuck you for glory.

Pick Up Line : I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot.

Excuse me for interrupting, and I'm not trying to make a pass, but you must be leaving the country if you're packing that much ass.

Pick Up Line : Hey, I lost my gun holester can I use yours?

Pick Up Lines : The only thing I want between our relationship is latex

Pick Up Lines : Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

Pick Up Line : You owe me money!! (Why?) because you've been living in my heart and not payin rent

Astro Pick Up Lines : They call me the milky way...Pleasure You Can't Measure.

Astro Pick Up Line : I must be the Sun and you must be Earth, cause the closer we get, the hotter you become.

Pick Up Line : I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun-with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared

College Pick Up Lines : Baby i'll treat you like my homework, I'll slam you on the table and do you all night long

Geeky Pick Up Lines : You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life

Pick Up Lines : Is your name country crock, cause you can spread for me anytime.

Female Pick Up Line : I will be a Dixie Chick and you be my cowboy... now take me away!

Female Pick Up Line : Put a dollar bill on your head and when he asks what you did that for tell him its all you can eat for under a dollar

Female Pick Up Line : "That shirt is becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too."

Female Pick Up Line : My beaver is bored and wants to play, do you have any wood for my beaver today

Pick Up Line : (A black guy to a white girl) I wish I was 50 cent so I could take you to the candy shop!

Pick Up Lines : (If Italian) Baby do you like Italian food? (if yes) then come back to my place and Ill let you try the sausage.

Thousands of Pick Up Lines :  http://www.jokes4us.com/pickuplines/index.html

Pick Up Line : Hey you look hawainn..wanna lay me?

Hi. I'm a vampire, and I'd like to make my feelings for you immortal

Pick Up Lines : Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable.

Pick Up Line : You can kiss heaven goodbye cause its got to be a sin to look that good.

Pick Up Line : Are you Greek? No? I thought all gods (goddesses) were Greek.

Pick Up Lines : Sorry I didn't get you a box of chocolates for valentines day but if you want something sweet and smooth I'm right here.

Pick Up Line : Baby your so sweet you would put Hershey's out of business

Pick Up Line : Hi I'm the new milkman would you like in the front or back?

Pick Up Lines : Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?

Pick Up Line: Do you work for UPS or Fedex? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.

Pick Up Lines : Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I could see myself in your pants.

Pick Up Line : Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Pick Up Lines : Can I get your picture, I wanna show Santa what I want for Christmas.

Pick Up Line : Girl why dont you do a houdini and make those clothes dissapper

Pick Up Lines : I'm an Astronaut and my next mission is to go to URANUS

Pick Up Line : Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Pick Up Lines : Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

Pick Up Line : You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

Thousands of Pick Up Lines :  http://www.jokes4us.com/pickuplines/index.html

Pick Up Line : Is your dad a lock smith because you have the keys to my heart.

Pick Up Lines : Does your dad work at the grocery store because you have nice melons!

Pick Up Line : Is your dad a pilot because my heart taking off?

Rude Pick Up Lines : Do you want a invitation ( to what?) A Party in my pants

Rude Pick Up Line : Can i buy you a drink? cause you look like an alcoholic.

Rude Pick Up Line : Hey, I lost my underwear, can I see yours?

Pick Up Line : Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

Pick Up Line : Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over.

Pick Up Line : Are you a girl scout because you tie my heart in knots.

Pick Up Lines: How does it feel? She ask's "what" You Say "To be the only star in the sky"

Pick Up Lines : Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet.

Pick Up Line : If you had eleven roses and you looked in the morror; then you'd see twelve of the most beautiful things in the world.

Pick Up Line : Hi, my friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't. I think you're absolutely gorgeous.

Pick Up Line : If I had to choose between breathing and loving you.... I'd take my last breath to say "I Love You"

Pick Up Line : Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

Pick Up Lines : I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.

Pick Up Lines : If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.

Pick Up Line : Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are clear like the ocean? Because I can see straight into your soul.

Rainy Day Pick Up Line :  I figured out why the sky was grey today...all the blue is in your eyes.

Pick Up Line : "Your smile lit up the room so I had to come over."

Pick Up Line : Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?

Pick Up Line : This morning I saw a flower and I thought it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen; until I met you..

Pick Up Line : Excuse me...Hi, I'm writing an essay on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.

Pick Up Line : You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea.

Pick Up Line : Your pants remind me of Vegas.... The kinda place I go to blow my Wad.

Pick Up Line : I can say hello in 6 different languages, which one do you want me to tell you tomorrow?

Bring a teabag and screw in your pocket....go to the bar hold up the teabag and screw and ask if she wants to teabag or screw...

Pick Up Line : Is your daddy a farmer? Cause you sure do know how to raise the cock.

Pick Up Lines : Is your dad a boxer? "No Why?" Because your one hell of a knock out!!!

Pick Up Lines : Is your dad a thief, Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes

Pick Up Line : Excuse me is your dad a lumber jack? Girl: No. why? cause everytime i look at you i get wood in my pants

Geeky Pick Up Line : YouTube Myspace and I'll Google your Yahoo

Geeky Pick Up Line : Hey baby, lets turn off our firewalls and connect our Ethernet cable.

Geeky Pick Up Line : Baby you know this shit isn't USB2.0..it's firewire!

Economics Pick Up Line : Why don't you remove those barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.

Pick Up Line : You're cute, I'm cute, together we're 2cute!

Pick Up Line : If my right leg was christmas and my left was Easter, would you like to spend some time between the holidays?

Nerdy Pick Up Line : I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Geeky Pick Up Line : If you think chewbaccas hairy just wait till you see my wookie

Nerdy Pick Up Line : "Do you like computers?" (yes.) "Do you like file sharing?" (yes) "Good, 'cause I'm downloadable and user friendly!"

Pick Up Line : 70 percent of the human body is made up of water and im very thirsty.

History Pick Up Line : It must be the civil war, cause I wanna bang you like a salvation drum.

Geeky Pick Up Lines : If you were my homework Id do you all over my desk

What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Battlestar Gallactica marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.

Geeky Pick Up Line : With my IQ and your body we could begin a race of genetic superchildren to conquer the earth.

Math Pick Up Line : I’m good at math: add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!

Math Pick Up Line : My love for you is like a concave function's positive first derivative, because it's always increasing.

Math Pick Up Line: I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves

Math Pick Up Lines : You have nicer legs than an Isosceles right triangle.

Math Pick Up Line: I'd like to be your math tutor for the night; add a bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs and multiply!

Math Pick Up Line: Is that an asymptote in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?

Pick Up Line : Was you're father a meat-burgler? cause someone stole two fine hams and shoved them down the back of your pants

Math Pick Up Line : I wish I was your secant line so I could touch you in at least two places!

Math Pick Up Line : If I was sin^2 theta and you were cos^2 theta together we would be 1

Math Pick Up Line : I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves

Pick Up Line: There are a lot of fish in the sea, but your the only one I'd like to mount and take back to my place

Pick Up Line: I had a dream about you lastnight... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you

Pick Up Line: A penny for your thoughts.... A dollar if you flash me

Pick Up Line: You have monkey wrench eyes, everytime i look into them my nuts tighten

Pick Up Line: Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!

Pick Up Line: What's your favorite silverware?..because I like to spoon!

Pick Up Line: It may look like a needle, but baby it works like a sowing machine!

Hey baby, do you have a cell phone? [if yes,] well you should use it to call your parents and let them know you won't be coming home tonight

Pick Up Line: Women always say men think with their dick so why don't you blow my mind!

Pick Up Line: I may not be able to knock bottom, but I'll scrape the shit out of the sides!

Pick Up Line: They say apples don't fall far from the tree, so that must mean your mom's hot too

Pick Up Line: You're eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean and baby, I'm all lost at sea.

Creepy Pick Up Line: Let me spell my love for you S-T-A-L-K-E-R

Creepy Pick Up Line: I'm a necrophiliac, so why don't you drop dead and I'll think about it!

Offensive Pick Up Line : Do you handle chickens because you look like you'd be good with cocks

Offensive Pick Up Line :
Hey baby do you want some of these
She says: These what?
You say: These nuts.

Offensive Pick Up Line : Hi, how bout you grab my butt and i grab your ears!

Offensive Pick Up Line : You look like a hooker I knew in Fresno.

Pick Up Lines : sHow about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?

Offensive Pick Up Line : You wanna see a donkey show?

Pick Up Line : I'm bigger and better than the Titanic ... only 200 woman went down on the Titanic

Pick Up Line : Seriously honey, sex is like Pizza. Even if it bad, it still pretty darn good.

Offensive Pick Up Line : You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.

Pick Up Line : Girl, you gotta be tired cuz you been runnin through my mind all day.

Pick Up Line : Is there a keg in your pants, cause baby I want to tap that ass

Pick Up Line : I can give you what a snow storm can, 10 to 12 inches and u wont be able to leave the house for three to four days.

Pick Up Line : Is your last name pepper cause your SMOKIN!

Pick Up Line : Did it hurt? girl: did what hurt? when you fell from heaven.

Pick Up Line : Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.

Pick Up Line : The word of the day is "legs." Let's say we head back to your place and spread the word.

Pick Up Lines : Look at you, with all those curves, and me with no brakes.

Pick Up Lines : Hi. I'm an astronaut, and my next mission is to explore Uranus.

Pick Up Line : Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?

Pick Up Line : Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I could see myself in your pants.

Pick Up Line : Are you a lumberjack.... cause you give me wood.

Pick Up Lines : Do you know karate? Cos damn it honey, your body is really kickin.

Pick Up Lines : Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Pick Up Lines : You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.

Pick Up Line : Your Daddy must have been a Baker, cos you got the nicest set of buns I've ever saw.

Pick Up Lines : I had a dream about you lastnight... I dreamt you were a suitcase and I was packing you

Pick Up Lines : Your name must be Daisy, because I have the incredible urge to plant you right here!

Pick Up Lines : Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Pick Up Lines : Do you have 10 cents cause from here you look like a dime

Pick Up Lines : Do you need a napkin? because you look DIRTY!!!

I saw you from across the room, and I fainted, and hit my head. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance reasons

Pick Up Lines : Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, "Particularily nice weather."

Pick Up Lines : Are you a speeding ticket? Cause you got fine written all over you

throw a packet of sugar and say..... excuse me miss you dropped your nametag

Pick Up Lines : I'd buy you a drink but I would be jealous of the straw

Pick Up Lines : Wanna try and Australian kiss? (what's that?) It's like a French kiss...only down under!

Pick Up Lines : Could you step away from the bar? Your making all the ice melt

Pick Up Lines : Did you just take a shower or is it me that's making you wet?

Pick Up Lines : If a kiss was a snow flake I would send you a snow storm

Pick Up Lines : All those curves, and me with no brakes.

See that girl over there (if yes) shes likes nails. I sure hope you prefer screws cuz I can give you alot!

Pick Up Lines : I've just received government funding for a four-hour expedition to find your G-spot.

Pick Up Lines : You must be a parking ticket because you got fine written all over you

Pick Up Lines : Hi, I'm an fine art appraiser and your ass is priceless!

Pick Up Lines : Hey I am like a Rubik’s cube the more you play with me the harder I get!

Motion your finger to a girl to get her to come your way.
When she arrives say, "I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum."

Pick Up Lines : If a blade of grass was sexy, then baby youd be a field.

Pick Up Lines : Baby I want to wear you like a pair of sun glasses, one leg over each ear.

Pick Up Lines : Baby, your lips are like candy and im the fat kid

Pick Up Lines : If you were a word on a peice of paper you would read (fine print)

Pick Up Lines : Here is $30. Drink until I am really good looking, then come to talk to me.

Pick Up Lines : If you were vanilla ice cream and I was hot caramel, I'd pour myself all over you

Pick Up Lines : Do you like parties? Because you can climb up my pants and have a ball!

Pick Up Line : What has 148 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper

There are a lot of fish in the sea, but your the only one I'd like to mount and take back to my place

*Holds out hand*
Hey I’m going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?

If being in love was illegal, will you be my partner in crime?

Today I don’t feel like doing anything. Except you

Can i have you for breakfast in bed today?

Do you have a Bandaid? Cos I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Hey, last time i looked at my keyboard, i noticed that “u” & “i” are always together.

What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.

Are you terms and conditions? Cause whatever you say I’ll always agree with you.

Can i tie your shoes because i don't want you falling for anyone else

I’m sorry I didn’t get you chocolates for Valentine’s day, but if you want something sweet, I’m right here.

Knock Knock
Who's there?
De Niro!
De Niro who?
De Niro I am to you, the more beautiful you get.

I’m no photographer but i can picture us together

I don’t think either of us want babies for now, but I wouldn’t mind refining my baby making technique with you.

Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine

I think we mermaid for each other🧜‍♀️❤️

Is your name Ariel?

Cause i find you a peeling😘😂

Are you a banana?🍌😋

I’m gonna be practicing for my prison photos tonight
*Why what happened?!*
Cause I’m about to steal your heart

Are you an N95 mask? Because i want you on my face

If i told you, you have pretty lips, would you hold them against mine?

I love your eyes but i love mine more because without mine I can’t see yours

If i were an enzyme i'd be DNA helicase so i could unzip your genes

Your smile🥺

I found something more contagious than Covid-19😩

Do you like harry potter because i adumbledore you

The only thing more contagious than covid-19 is your smile

Do you get your pants on sale? Cause at my house, they would be 100% off

You wanna know what’s big?
*Pause*
My house you weirdo!

Lemme insert my plug into your socket and we can generate some electricity

You must be tired cause you’ve been running through my mind all night

Playing doctor is for kids. Let’s play gynaecologist

You’re like the lyrics of my favourite song, hard to forget and always on my mind.

Do you have a pencil? Cause i wanna erase your past and write our future

So you get twice as wet👅🔥

I’ll kiss you in the rain

Open your legs and give me an hour

Are you a dictionary? Cause you made my d*ck ready for missionary

You’re a piece of art, because i wanna nail you on a wall!

I heard your grades are good.. hope this D won’t hurt

I see you got those thick thighs, lemme get the sweet prize

Call me handsome cause you’re gonna handsome of that p*ssy over

Girl do you have a pet insurance? Cause I’m about to smash that p*ssy

I love my life
*You don’t love me?!*
What’s the difference :)

If i was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seeds?

Roses are red, lemons are sour. Open your legs and give me an hour.

Wanna try an Australian kiss? It’s like a French kiss down under

What’s long, hard and has cum in it? Cucumber.
But i like the way you think.

Life is like a d*ck. When it gets hard, “f*ck it”.

I wish it with all my heart, for your legs to spread apart

That’s a nice smile. It’d look better if it was all you were wearing!

Roses are red, violets are twisted, bend over cause you’re about to get fisted.

Are you a tortilla? Because i want to flip you over and eat you out

Do you have a phone in your back pocket because that a*s is calling me!

You can call me Nemo cause I’m gonna touch the butt

I’ll kiss you in the rain so you get twice as wet

I can see you coming tonight tho👅🔥

Cause I’m missing u

I just wanna c ddle, but i can’t😭

Get out of your bed and get in mine

Both

Cause it’s impossible to find a girl like you

Any game except hide and seek

Do you wanna play a game?

Cause I’m gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you can CDs nuts

Do you like tapes and CDs?

Are you a smurf? Because your stunning beauty BLUE me away pic.twitter.com/32xAwks3ZW

Is your name amnesia? Because i forget about everything else when I’m in your presence

Are you squidward? Because you always manage to play with my heart like he plays his clarinet

*I have a boyfriend*
I have a math test
*What?*
I thought we were naming things we are going to cheat on

I am not Shawn Mendes but i can treat you better

Tested positive for having deep feelings for you

Do you wanna play a game?
*Which game?*
Any game except hide and seek
*Why not hide and seek?*
Cause it’s impossible to find a girl like you

In a world full of Coronavirus, i wanna be your sanitiser

This 4th of July, the fireworks display will be in my pants. You’re invited

Words can’t describe how beautiful you are
*Aww that’s so sweet*
Yeah but numbers can, 10/10

Are you peanut butter? Because seeing you with someone else makes me jelly

Hey do you have an inhaler? Cause you got that a*s ma!

Are you a washing machine? Cause i wanna fill you with my dirty load

You’re so beautiful, a pickup line would just underrate you.

They call me trash, take me out

I’ll bring you flowers once every week

I’ll make you laugh :)

I’ll buy you your favourite clothes

I’m not the best looking but I don’t mind if you aren’t the best at cooking ;)

You are the reason i dance to the songs again, you are the reason i sing in the rain and you are the reason I’m happy again.

If hugs were snow, I’d send you a blizzard

The only thing getting me through this quarantine is the thought of seeing you after.

You are my sunshine

*Should i stay in bed or get out of it?* Both. You get out of your bed and get in mine.

You look like my dream girl

Am i John Cena to you? Cause you still haven’t asked me for a selfie. May be you can’t see me

Can i be your lipstick? Cause i want you to rub me on your lips

Your so hot, a firefighter wouldn’t be able to put you out.

You give the word beautiful a meaning.

If somebody paid me to point out your flaws. I’d still be broke asf

I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.

My prayers must have worked cause you sure are a blessing

Take notes📝👑 pic.twitter.com/cgMxbLcf42

I be setting up dates😎 pic.twitter.com/UY5FOMmPdX

Saving relationships out here✊❤️ pic.twitter.com/3tHPxyEoaA

You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you

You breathe oxygen too? We already have so much in common

Hey i think you have something in your eye. Never mind, that’s just your sparkle.

Have you been to the doctor’s lately? Cause i think you’re lacking some vitamin me.

I’ll give you a kiss, if you don’t like it. You can return it :)

Want to come see my HARD DRIVE? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.

Even tho I’m not Keanu Reeves. I have to tell you, you’re breathtaking!

When i look at you, i forget about all my problems

You are the first person i wanna see everyday after i wake up

Wanna steal my comfiest hoodie?

Feel my shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Call me leaves because you should be blowing me

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.

Idk why you haven’t been declared as the most beautiful person alive. Inside and Outside.

Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?

You have one of the hottest bodies i have ever seen. But still somehow i find your heart more attractive.

Is your name Amnesia? Cause i always forget about everything else when I’m in your presence.

Me without you is like copy without paste

If it’s true that we are what we eat, then i could be you by morning.

You turn my software into hardware

I like you like my salad. Without any dressing ;)

No offense, but do you want to hold hands?

Everytime I’m away from you, my heart is like “dang”

Hey I am like a Rubik's cube the more you play with me the harder I get!

You can’t spell virus without U and I

The doctor said, I’m lacking vitamin U

Damn girl. Imma call that a*s “avocado,” cause it’s the good kind of fat.

If a fat man puts you in a bag tonight, don’t worry. I told Santa i wanted you for Christmas.

I will stop loving you on 30th of Feb

I just wanna c ddle, but I can’t cause I’m missing u

Babe, are you an elevator? Because i want to go down on you.

You know what’s on the menu? Me-n-u

Hi, i'm a burgular... and I'm gonna smash your back door in!

The only thing I regret about meeting you is why this didn’t happen before

My life without you is like pizza without cheese

Are you feeling sleepy? Me too. Let’s do it together

If you wanna know how much i love you, just know that I’ll kiss you on the forehead while you’re asleep.

You look like my next girlfriend

At least give someone else a chance

I thought eyes were your best feature until i saw you smiling

I love you so much that you’re allowed to leave me on read

I think about you when I’m not even thinking

My feelings for you is like my laziness. It’ll never go away

I didn’t know what falling in love was like until i met you

You’re like pizza. Even when you’re bad, you’re good.

I want to punch you softly on your lips with mine

If you were a fruit you’d be a FINEapple.
*What if i was a vegetable*
Then you’d be a CUTEcumber.

There’s side view, rear view, and what else? I loview.

If hugs were seconds, I’ll send you hours

Roses are red, violets are blue. Corona has cancelled everything except my feelings for you.

I don’t want your n*des. Just send me pictures of you smiling.

Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!

Are you the cure for Alzheimer’s? Because you’re unforgettable!

*In a museum*
Hi, i would shake your hand but the sign says not to touch the masterpieces

Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.

I'd hide every chair in the world just so you'd have to sit on my face.

I like Legos. So if you like Legos too, Lego build a relationship.

How do you like your eggs: poached, scrambled, or fertilized?

Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.

If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.

Are you made out of grapes? Because you are as fine as wine!

If I had to rate you out of 10 I’d rate you a 9… because I am the one that you are missing!

Knock knock
Who’s there?
Honeybee
Honeybee who?
Honeybee a doll and sit on my face

You are as refreshing as a cold glass of water on a hot day. And I am so thirsty right now.

Are you Joe? Cause i wanna make you a mama

I wanna wear you like sunglasses. Your each leg over my ears.

Are you the weekend? Cause you’re worth the wait

If i had a star for every time you brightened my day, i would be holding a galaxy.

I can’t do magic but I can do you!

They say dating is a numbers game… so can I get your number?

The whole world might be getting sick, but I’ll never get sick of looking at you.

Let’s play Carpenter. First we’ll get hammered, then I’ll nail you.

Is your dad a preacher? Because you're a blessing

*How much do you love me?*
Well, count all the stars in the sky.

I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks

So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams!

Can we take a picture together so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?

*Whisper in her ear*
I have 60 rolls of ultra soft toilet paper

Knock Knock
Who's There?
Olive 
Olive who?
Olive you.

Excuse me, but do you have a twin sister?
*No why?*
Then, indeed, I must be speaking to the most beautiful woman in all the world.

God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one.

If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity.

Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.

I’m not a hoarder but i really want to keep you forever

I think the gaps between my fingers were meant for yours.

I need you like a heart needs a beat

If your heart was a prison, I would want to be sentenced to life.

Loving you was the second best thing i ever did.
*What was the first!?*
Finding you

That dress looks great on you, but I think it’d look even better on my bedroom floor.

Are you a pandemic? Cause you have my heart on lockdown

Are you the COVID-19 vaccine? Cause the whole world must be chasing you

I couldn't be with you on Valentines but I could atleast be with u on quarantines.

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting the ice!

Holy sh*t. I’m freaking out, a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me you need to isolate yourself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a cute face.

Play with fire, you’ll end up burnt. Play with me and you’ll end up wet ;)

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.

If I walked a milimeter for everytime I thought of you, I would be at the same place. Cause you never left my mind

Can you recommend a bank where I can make a deposit? Because I’m planning to save all my love for you.

Legs like that should be wrapped around my neck.

I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.

Roses are red, violets are blue. Will you be my girlfriend? Cause i wanna make babies with you

Your so fine, I want to pour milk all over you and make you part of my complete breakfast.

You are so hot, you make me melt like ice cream in the summer sun.

If being beautiful was a crime, you’d surely be guilty as charged.

Are you Coronavirus? Cause you take my breath away

Are you a camera, because you make me smile.

Are you a rope? 'Cuz you look knotty!

I think auto-correct is trying to hook us up; every time I type in your name it changes to future boyfriend/girlfriend.

Stay home if you sicc, come over if you thicc

Can I park my car in your garage? It's pretty big, but it doesn't leak.

Your body must be made of oxygen and neon because you are the One.

Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine!

I love you with all my circle, not my heart. Because hearts break, but a circle goes on forever.

Is heaven your quarantine zone? Because I think you are an Angel.

So tell me, how does it feel to look so great?

Twinkle twinkle little star, let's have s*x inside my car.

So we're friends now, when do the benefits kick in?

Wouldn’t we look good on a wedding cake together?

You must have a mirror in your pocket, because I see myself in your pants.

I’m a zombie, can I eat you out?

Wanna eat cookie dough together sometime?

They told me that honesty is the best way to a woman’s heart, so I just wanted to tell you that you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.

Hey girl are you toilet paper because I want to keep you ALL to myself

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

If stars would fall every time I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.

If coronavirus doesn’t take you out, can i?

I’m the kind of man who deserves to have women I don’t deserve.

For a moment I thought I died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.

You look cold, want to use me as a blanket?

I know a guy who is interested in you. If I was not so terribly shy, I’d let you know.

I have these chicken n ggets. Now all i need is u.

Your hand looks heavy. Can i hold it for you?

Are you the ghetto? Cause you make my heart go ratatata

You raise my dopamine levels.

I’m going to give you a kiss. If you don’t like it, just return it.

I may not be the best looking guy here but I am the only one talking to you.

If I had a lily for every thought I had of you, I would spend forever in my garden.

So i hear constant s*x kills corona. Let’s kill it

I’d show you my world but I’m sure you own a mirror

Girl, your really good at this catch and release thing. Every time I catch my breath around you, you make me lose it again.

I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day

We should get some coffee because I’m liking you a latte.

The only flaw in your entire body is your lips, they’re not touching mine.

If you were a pill, I’d overdose.

Everything about you is so perfect, except one thing. *What?* You’re not mine.

If you were a tear drop I would never cry for fear of losing you.

I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.

My heart forgets to beat the moment I see you.

I’m sorry, were you talking to me?
*No*
Well then, please start.

Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

You’re so cute it’s distracting

I don’t usually write romantic letters, but for you I’d write a book.

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

If being in love was illegal, will you be my partner in crime?

These voices in my head that have been telling me to come over here and talk to you.

Do you sleep on your stomach? If not, can I?

You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.

I want you to know something but I'm too scared to tell you in person, so I'll just let the first 3 words of this sentence say it for me.

t's not my fault I fell in love. You are the one that tripped me.

My doctor says I’m lacking Vitamin U

I wrote your name in the sky; a cloud removed that. I wrote your name in the sand; the wind blew that away. I wrote your name in my heart; nothing can remove that.

You got a phone in your back pocket? ‘Cause that a*s is calling me.

Can you be the Harley Quinn to my Joker, cause I like em’ crazy!

Hello there, my name is what you’ll be screaming tonight.

Breathe if you want to have s*x with me tonight

Are you wearing space pants? Because that a*s is out of this world.

Please tell your bo*bs to stop looking at my eyes.

Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?

Your so hot when i look at you i get a tan

8 planets, 1 Universe, 7.7 billion people and i end up with you

You are so hot you make the windows fog.

Are you Jewish? Because you ISRAELI HOT.

There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.

Are you a charger? Because I’m dying without you

Your pants, they bother me. Take them off.

Hey baby, are you trash? Cause i wanna take you out

If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!

We’re like cocoa and marshmallows; you’re hot and i want to be on top of you.

Baby, your lips are like candy and I’m the fat kid

You are the reason that men fall in love.

You know what you’d look really beautiful in? My arms.

I'll kiss you in the rain, so you get twice as wet.

Do you know what kind of chocolate you’d be? Hot chocolate!

Damn, that a*s is bigger than my future.

There is no pickup line worthy of someone so beautiful

If i had to choose between breathing and loving you, I’d take my last breath to say “I love you”.

Because of you, i laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.

Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!

Hey, wanna come over to Myspace and Twitter with my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook?

Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together?

I spend 16 hours a day thinking of you and 8 hours dreaming of you.

I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find

Let’s go to my place and do some math. Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.

Are you an archaeologist? Because I’ve got a bone for you to examine.

Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? 'Cause you're a snack!

If the world was made out of chicken, you would be a hot wing.

Do you like Sales? Because if you’re looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

I’m not a weatherman, but you can expect a few more inches tonight.

Are you gravity? Because everyone is attracted to you

I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel but I am hoping you’re a dirty devil instead.

Do you know the essential difference between s*x and conversation?
*No*
Do you wanna go upstairs and talk?

Want to come over and watch p*rn all night on my new mirror?

Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a weiner stand.

I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are.

Cupid called. He says that he needs my heart back.

I'll be your "alentine" for now, you'll need to give me the "V" after dinner.

My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.

I’d say god bless you, but it looks like he already did

Those are some nice legs. What time do they open?

Baby I will be the broom that sweeps all the sadness in your heart.

Are you my appendix? Because i have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like i should take you out

Your clothes are making me uncomfortable; please take them off.

Didn't I pick you up in the grocery store? Because you're hot like salsa

Sorry, but you owe me a drink.
*Why?*
Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness.

Do you like cats? Because I'd like you to take meowt for Valentine's Day.

If I were a ballon, would you blow me?

Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you're the best a man can get!

Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.

Are you a stack of dirty dishes? ‘Cause I want to get you wet and do you all night long.

Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?

How is your fever?
*What fever?*
Oh… you just look hot to me.

I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?

I bought you 12 roses for Valentine's Day - 11 real and 1 fake. I will love you until all of them die and wilt away.

Do you like Star Wars? Because Baby Yoda only one for me! pic.twitter.com/linDDA6IwZ

Do you know what would look great around you? My arms!

If you ever get tired, you can sit on my face anytime

Are you a thief? Cause I want you to steal my virginity tonight!

Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate

Wanna have s*x? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no

They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.

Usually my favorite planet is Pluto, but I reckon it could be Uranus if you let me explore it.

Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.

Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?

If you were a drug I would overdose.

Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.

Let me insert my plug into your socket and we can generate some electricity.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/L4mHMp2lEy

Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to (?????) ... (???)

Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!

We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.

Need a pillow to sit on? I can be yours if you want.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful person in the club. What should we do with their money?

Your body is made up of 70% water. . .and I’m thirsty.

I was feeling very off today, but then you turned me on.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/x72D9z234E

Did you just come out of the oven? Because (????) ... (???)

Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/f2snUc79OR

Are you a bank loan? Because (??????) .... (????)

Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest.

Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.

Baby, you’re so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.

This might seem corny but you’re making me horny.

 pic.twitter.com/S2qzZ9Zlkf

Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.

Hey, your bio says Single and I’d like to change that

You know, the more i drink the prettier you get

I know you’re busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?

If I was the judge, I’d sentence you to my bed.

Do you sleep on your stomach? Him: NO... You: Can I?

I’m having trouble sleeping by myself, can you sleep with me?

Are you  http? Because without you I’m just ://

Are you an elevator? Because I’ll go up and down on you.

Did you know my lips are like Skittles and you’re about to taste the rainbow?

Do you want to commit a sin for your next confessional?

Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.

The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to have s*x with you on the floor.

I might not be the most attractive lady here, but I am the only one speaking with you.

Want to save water by showering together?

Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert?

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/g2ptTIvnqT

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them (????) .... (???)

I think I could fall madly in bed with you.

Roses are red. Violets are fine. You be the 6. I’ll be the 9.

If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.

Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?

I love my bed but I’d rather be in yours.

Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.

Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?

Are you an exam? Because I have been studying you like crazy.

Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.

I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/vmirEmhXFK

Go ahead, feel my shirt. It's made of (?????) ... (???)

Go ahead, feel my shirt. It's made of boyfriend material!

If this doesn’t get you your crush, nothing will pic.twitter.com/yRDQMn78sH

You are like the best coffee: tall, dark and strong.

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

Are you an archaeologist? Because I’ve got a bone for you to examine.

If you were a steak you would be well done.

Are you lost? Because heaven’s a long way of here.

You’re so hot, my zipper is falling for you.

You look like a hard worker. I have an opening you can fill.

Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.

They say you are what you eat. If that's true, I could be you by morning

Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?

Hey is it hot because I think im melting all over you!

Can I be your first mistake of the New Year?

Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?

If I tell you that you have a great body, will you hold it against me?

I wish i were cross-eyed so i can see you twice

Just to be clear, we’re both heading for the same bed tonight, right?

Baby, i'm not your cell phone, but I still want to be touched by you every day.

I think you’re the next beautiful contestant in the game of love.

I don’t know your name but I’m sure it is as beautiful as you are.

Do you have s*x the first time you meet somebody?
Girl: No
Ok, I’ll see you tomorrow

If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.

If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple.

This year, this decade are coming to an end. But my love for you, won’t. EVER.

I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes

If cuteness was a currency, you’d be a millionaire

If you were a tear drop, i would never cry for the fear of losing you

Are you Christmas? Cause i wanna Merry you

If you jingle my bells, I promise you’ll have a white Christmas

All i want for Christmas is you

Let’s play carpenter. First we’ll get hammered, then I’ll nail you.

Why would i need the earth when you are my world❤️

I hope your day is as nice as your butt

How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice. Hi, how are you?

Are you a door handle? Because you opened the door to my heart

Knock Knock
Who’s there?
Where when
Where when who?
My place, tomorrow, me and you

Your a*s is so fine that it’s a shame you have to sit on it

Are you taken?
No?
You should say, you’re about to be

Are you a farmers field because I’m trynna plough you

 pic.twitter.com/2Au1ZAf6ks

Black Friday sale, my house. You and me. All clothes will be 100% off.

You don’t need good grades to get in Harvard, just get a beauty scholarship

I thought the world was flat till I looked at your a*s

You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Is your name winter? Because you’ll be coming soon

Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it's causing global warming

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/fzgudERMEc

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put (?????) ... (????)

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together

Can i give you a kiss? If you don’t like it, you can return it.

Do u smoke pot? Cause weed be cute together

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/cAfgNNkexB

Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause (????) ... (???).... (????)

Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause you look like a snack!

Did you sit on sugar? Because you have a pretty sweet ass

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/PF97yfnRO6

Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because (????) .. (???)

Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CUTE

Is that a cell phone in your back pocket because that ass is calling me

We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.

Roses are red, lemons are sour, spread your legs and feel the power

I got 3 wishes, me, you and us❤️ - From LL via Suggestions

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/HPhYv3rMhm

Is your name google? Cause you’re everything I’m looking for

Is your name google? Cause (???.??) .. (???)

All i want is 92 pic.twitter.com/8hZYczjcRB

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!

You're so beautiful I forgot the pickup line

Are you from Africa? Because you’re African hottie

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/VY3m43B0nq

Are you from Africa? Because you’re (????.???) ... (????)

I’d show you my world, but I’m sure you own a mirror

I just wanna c  ddle, but I can’t cause I’m missing u

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/M5U5Zrceh9

Did the sun come out or did you just (?????) .... (???)

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/e6hmvPrUqZ

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?

I’m learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/fBOzyXhGgS

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone (????).... (?????)

Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!

Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?

You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/Otgd0JrwA8

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when (????????)... (???)

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/IjBT0tfOdo

I never need to see the sun again because your eyes (??????????) ..... (???)

Hey baby, let’s play house, you can be the door and I’ll slam you all night long!

Guess the pickup line. Correct answer in story👆 pic.twitter.com/c8JfS7qE2e

Do you like trick-or-treating? Cause I'll (????????????)....(???)

Do you like trick-or-treating? Cause I'll give you this Hallow-weiner.

I can't find a costume for Halloween, so can I just go as your boyfriend?

Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Every breath you take, every move you make, every step you take, I'll be watching you.

Are you today’s date? Cause you’re 10/10

Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.

What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?

You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.

Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.

What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.

Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Are you my self-esteem? Cause I’ve been looking for you everywhere.

If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.

Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.

Comment “😞” 5 times to make the emoji below, sad pic.twitter.com/fWTtdQzqSQ

I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.

If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.

Are you a minecraft fence? Cause i can’t get over you

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

Do you have a name or can I call you mine?

Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.

Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.

I’m no fortune teller, but i can see you in my future

She’s mad at you because you forgot to give her food. Comment “SORRY” letter by letter to apologise. pic.twitter.com/uR4o1n6whJ

If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

My doctor says I’m lacking Vitamin U

Let’s flip a coin.. heads you’re mine, tails I’m yours

Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.

What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?

You’re single?
I’m Single. Coincidence?
I think not.

You’re single? I’m single.
Coincidence? I think not.

Classic😂💯 pic.twitter.com/dQDfpiUPeD

Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!

Best proposal ever😂💯 pic.twitter.com/2UwEFCSJtU

Last message was a killer😂 pic.twitter.com/yVC8XH2sXm

Clever asf💯 pic.twitter.com/fjhKS8sNqh

Is this the best pickup line or the worst? I’m confused😂 pic.twitter.com/qHXQEVKmEL

Smooooth pic.twitter.com/PMidLPbzSl

Damn, thats a good one😍 pic.twitter.com/EPZBk2zoYY

WIN 100😂💯 pic.twitter.com/Z7xm2rOaLy

This is how it’s done in 2019😂 pic.twitter.com/cCdoxNRszN

Are you religious? ‘Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.

I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.

I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case.

Sliding in dms be like😏 pic.twitter.com/fHHUSo51eV

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Hey do you have an inhaler? Cause you got that ass ma!

Do you have an Asian passport? Because I’m China get into your Japantees

Someone literally slide into my dms like this pic.twitter.com/L7ABKuCGTN

Do you have a map? I’m getting lose in your eyes.

I can sense that you’re a terrific lover, and it intimidates me a little.

Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?

Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?

Touch your toes and I will show you where the rocket goes!

Call me the fireman, because I turn the hoes on!

I wish you were a soap so i could feel you all over me.

Do you know your ABC’s? Cause i wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.

Kissing burns 6.4 calories per minute. Wanna workout?

I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my Heart

Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!⚽️

*Holds out hand* Hey I’m going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?

On a scale of 1 to 10, I’m just 1 😭. You’re the 9 i need.

On a scale of 1 to 10, I’m just 1😭. You’re the 9 i need.

On a scale of 1 to 10, I’m just 1😞. You’re the 9 i need.

Do you know if there are any police around? Cause I’m about to steal your heart

I’m no future teller, but i can see you in my future

Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed...🍕👀

Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!

Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!

Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.

If you jingle my bells, you’ll have a white Christmas

Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!

I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.

I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.

Do you know if there are any police around? Cause I’m about to steal your heart.

Do you like to draw? Because i put the D in Raw

Can you do telekinesis? Because you’ve made a part of me move without even touching it.

Is your name Winter? Because you’ll be coming soon

You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!

There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy Uranus

Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.

Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.

I can’t stop imagining how cute our kids would be

You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.

I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness

I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?

If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I’d have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.

Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!

Your body is a Wonderland an I’d like to be Alice.

If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.

Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.

Sorry, but you owe me a drink.  Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.

You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.

Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal your heart, and you’ll steal mine.

Ouch! My tooth hurts! Stop being soooo sweet!

Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you turn me on!

I love my bed but I’d rather be in yours.

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.

Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful? I think you’re infected.

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it? pic.twitter.com/lCx6MaOvIz

Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day. All I’m asking for is one from you.

I thought happiness started with H, but why does mine start with U? pic.twitter.com/nOXJ60WXV8

Tag your penguin🐧

When a penguin finds a mate, they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin? pic.twitter.com/AJjdM47Dg1

Not all heroes wear capes

Forget Spiderman, Superman, or Batman, I’ll be Yourman pic.twitter.com/StqVvfNjXj

There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.

If i flip this coin what are the chances of me getting head?

I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.

You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

And that’s how you pickup girls💯

Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection! pic.twitter.com/VvvD6LcMHH

GG bro, well played!

Let’s play a game, winner dates loser pic.twitter.com/E4riwRamvc

I like every bone in your body, especially mine pic.twitter.com/DDzkOpOvne

That’s risky business👅

Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me pic.twitter.com/j1WUe7irWD

My love for you is like dividing by zero.  It cannot be defined.

You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

When you have to be to work at 9 pic.twitter.com/NMT9VQgc2U

Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re so-da-licious!

Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.

Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.

There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.

I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.

Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush

Sex is evil; Evil is sin; Sin is forgiven; so let’s begin.

If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.

I have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. *Shows phone with frontcam*

Is that a mirror in your pocket?  Cause I can see myself in your pants!

Lets play titanic youll be the ocean and ill go down on you

On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.

Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.

I’m jealous of your dress. Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.

A seizure in his sleep took him away from us, Rest In Paradise Cameron🙏❤️ pic.twitter.com/ofv7JE3IzY

I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. *kisses her* oh.. seems like I lost the bet.

Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!

I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.

Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest

That’s a nice smile. It’d look better if it was all you were wearing!

You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.

If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot. Because I’d always miss you.

Roses are red, I’m so bored Why tf my Instagram pics won’t load pic.twitter.com/KR2JTO04Cm

I like every bone in your body, especially mine.

Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.

If your left leg was Christmas and your right was Thanksgiving, could I visit between the holidays?

I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!

What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.

What has four legs and doesn’t have the most beautiful girl on it? My bed. Want to fix that?

You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.

I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue

When you’ve swiped this far but still haven’t followed @PieChartsIG My Heart: pic.twitter.com/PKcyJbx6kC

I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?

You’re awesome but the thing is, you can’t spell awesome without me

I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.

I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.

You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.

You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!

You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.

That dress looks really good on you but, it would look better on my bedroom floor.

Do you have a name or can I call you mine?

Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.

Are you the sun? Because you’re so beautiful it’s blinding me.

Do you have a shovel? Cause I’m diggin’ that ass!

I’m going to have to ask you to leave. You’re making the other girls look bad.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

I’m like a Rubik’s Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!

Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.

I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y

I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find

Do you like to barbecue because I’m about to slap this meat all over your grill.

It’s not you or me anymore, it’s us.

I’m going to give you a kiss. If you don’t like it, just return it.

Baby, your lips are like candy and I’m the fat kid.

I’d take you to the movies but they don’t let snacks inside

Let’s flip a coin.. heads your time, tails I’m yours

Are you a thief? Because you can steal my virginity

I heard your grades are bad, I’m sure this D won’t hurt.

When you swiped this far, but still haven’t followed @PickUpLineIG pic.twitter.com/FfcABJweli

Are you my pinky toe? Because I’ll bang you on all my furniture

Are you from UK? Because i want U, K?

Roses are red, tomatoes are redder, i think we both know i like you way better.

I’m Nike, you’re McDonald’s. I’m doin’ it and you’re lovin’ it

When God made you, he was showing off.

I value my breath, so it would be nice if you didn’t take it away every time you walked by.

Can you grab my arm, so i can tell my friends i was touches by an angel?

I’m gonna have to report Spotify, cause I didn’t see you in my hottest singles this week.

Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.

No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.

My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. Wanna use their money to buy drinks?

You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.

Mario is red, Sonic is blue, grab a controller and be my player 2.

There are plenty of fish in the sea, the problem is I stopped fishing after I found you.

They say the tongue is the strongest muscle. Wanna wrestle?

Iloveyou. And yes, i wrote it with no spaces so there’s no room for anyone else.

Excuse me, I’d like to have kids someday, and i wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.

Help! I’ve fallen for you and I can’t get up!

If you were a neurotransmitter, you would be dopamine. Because you’re dope and mine.

Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and i want s’more

If kisses were stars, I’d give you the sky

Are you Cinderella? Because i can see that dress disappearing at midnight

I think iTunes made a mistake. You’re clearly the hottest single of the year.

You have something on your ass My eyes

Let’s go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.

Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl’s destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?

I sneezed because God blessed me with you.

Can i borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back

You’d look cute holding my hand but whatever.

Let’s go on a date, and by date i mean lay in bed and make out for 3 hours.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favourite.

Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!

Let’s play a game, winner dates loser.

Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams

Do you know what’s on the Menu? Me-n-u

Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?

You must be Medusa, because you make me rock hard.

You’re on my list of things to do tonight.

There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.

Most people like to watch the Superbowl cuz it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime

If you were a triangle, you'd be acute one!

Hey, I think you have something in your eye. Never mind, that’s just your sparkle.

You breathe oxygen, too? We have so much in common.

Have you been to the doctor’s lately? Because I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.

You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you.

You’re thicker than a snicker

Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can i crash at your place tonight?

You turn my software into hardware

When you swiped this far, but still haven’t followed @PickUpLineIG pic.twitter.com/r3Mn3RElxE

They say kiss is the language of love. Wanna have a conversation?

Are you the Easter bunny? Because I’d let you hop on me.

Do you like burgers? Because i can be your king

Are you wearing space pants? Cause your ass is outta this world!

Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!

Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.

Life without you is like a broken pencil…pointless.

There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.

Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?

You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.

Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.

You’re That “Nothing” When People Ask Me What I’m Thinking About.

I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks

Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, your’e still shining like one.

If I had 4 quarters to give to the 4 prettiest girls in the world, you would have a dollar.

Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.

I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.

Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?

Accept it, you want to follow us! pic.twitter.com/sYHMnE7Jmb

When you try to accept yourself pic.twitter.com/t2VJt6zJVQ

Accept it, you fell for it! pic.twitter.com/ciTLlc0Wy6

Accept it, you didn’t know the word bed looks like a bed! pic.twitter.com/bc3S1MyTaH

Accept it, you didn’t know this before! pic.twitter.com/WYDplyB10O

Accept it, you’ve accepted without reading! pic.twitter.com/RsJAF21sTV

It’s not my fault I fell for you. You tripped me.

Hi, I’ve lost my teddy bear and I was wondering if you’d sleep with me instead.

On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need. pic.twitter.com/TSWENVX4zr

It’s a reflection, not a picture you uncultured swine!

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? pic.twitter.com/d3QTUeYzPH

My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow? pic.twitter.com/Bgu2TD6DDh

How to pick up girls in France 101

Are you French? Because Eiffel for you. pic.twitter.com/2knVrls2Mv

Are you teddy rosevelt? Because you’re a dime.

Are you sure you’re not a parking ticket? Because you’ve got fine written all over you

